and say , So says the Lord Jehovah , Behold , I am against you , O Sidon , and I will be glorified in your midst . And they shall know that I am Jehovah when I have done judgments in her and shall be sanctified by her .
And the acts of Rehoboam , the first and the last , are they not written in the records of Shemaiah the prophet , and of Iddo the seer as to genealogy ? And the wars of Rehoboam and Jeroboam lasted all their days .
And He saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had left them and were washing the nets .


And we said , We cannot go down . If our youngest brother is with us , we will go down . For we cannot see the face of the man if our youngest brother is not with us .
But every man will die in his iniquity . Every man who eats the sour grapes , his teeth will be dull .
and saying , We piped to you , and you did not dance ; we mourned to you , and you did not wail .
But if the manslayer at all goes out from the border of the city of his refuge , there to which he has fled ,
So I have hewn them by the prophets ; I have slain them by the words of My mouth ; and your judgments have been as the light that goes forth .

My defense is on God , who saves the upright of heart .
and shall forgive Your people who have sinned against You , even all their transgressions which they have transgressed against You , and shall give them mercy before their captors , and they shall have mercy on them .
so that even as it has been written , " He that glories , let him glory in " the " Lord . "
He will break mighty men in pieces without inquiry , and make stand others in their place .
You shall keep the Feast of Tabernacles seven days after you have gathered in from your threshingfloor , and from your winepress .
Be imitators of me , as I also of Christ .
And you shall be an astonishment , a proverb and a byword among all the peoples where Jehovah shall lead you .
And she will bear a son , and you shall call His name Jesus , for He shall save His people from their sins .
And the Angel of Jehovah came up from Gilgal to The Place of Weeping , and said , I caused you to come up out of Egypt and brought you into the land which I had sworn to your fathers , and said , I will not break My covenant with you forever .
The sons of Merari were Mahli ; Libni , his son ; Shimei , his son ; Uzza , his son ;
Blessed are those slaves whom the Lord will find watching when he comes . Truly I say to you that he will gird himself and will make them recline , and coming up he will serve them .
For a cup is in the hand of Jehovah ; and the wine foams ; it is fully mixed , and He pours out from it ; surely all the wicked of the earth must drain its dregs and drink .
And it shall be with him , and he shall read in it all the days of his life , that he may learn to fear Jehovah your God , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
And he looked , and behold , at his head was a cake on burning stones , and a jar of water ; and he ate and drank , and turned and lay down .


how he swore to Jehovah ; he vowed to the Mighty One of Jacob ,
Suddenly Babylon has fallen , and it is broken . Wail for her , take balm for her pain , if perhaps she may be healed .
He shall live with you , among you , in the place which he chooses inside one of your gates , wherever it is pleasing to him . You shall not oppress him .
You shall certainly not come into the land which I lifted up My hand to cause you to live in it , except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son of Nun .
under a servant when he reigns , and a fool when he is filled with food ,
Jehovah will destroy the house of the proud , but He will set up the widow's border .
And she came and told the man of God . And he said , Go , sell the oil , and repay your loan . And you and your sons shall live from the rest .

And the young men who had grown up with him spoke to him , saying , You shall say this to the people who have spoken to you , saying , Your father made our yoke heavy , and you lighten our yoke , this you shall say to them , My little finger is thicker than the loins of my father ;
For those having served well gain a good grade for themselves and much boldness in faith , those in Christ Jesus .

For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision has any strength nor uncircumcision , but a new creation .
And he made ten lampstands of gold , according to their ordinance , and placed them in the temple , five on the right , and five on the left .
And Adam knew his wife again , and she bore a son . And she called his name , Seth , for God has appointed to me another seed in place of Abel because Cain killed him .


And I will make of you a great nation . And I will bless you and make your name great ; and you will be a blessing .
And the people shall be crushed , man against man , and a man on his neighbor . The boy will be insolent against the elder , and the despised against the honorable .
And when they came to him , he said to them : You understand , from the first day on which I set foot in Asia , how I was with you all the time ,
For I have eaten ashes like bread , and have mixed my drink with weeping ;
No one is able to come to Me unless the Father who sent Me draws him , and I will raise him up in the last day .
You shall hear from Heaven , and shall act , and shall judge Your servants , to repay the wicked , to bring his way on his own head ; and to justify the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
And I rose up in the night , I and a few men with me . And I told no man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem . And there was no animal with me except the animal that I rode on .
And answering , Jesus said to it , Let no one eat fruit of you any more forever . And His disciples heard .
And another said , I bought five yoke of oxen and I am going to try them out ; I ask you , have me excused .
A Lesson of Asaph . O my people , listen to my law ; bow your ears to the words of my mouth .
And over the army of the tribe of the sons of Simeon , Shelumiel son of Zurishaddai .
I will do this to this place , says Jehovah , and to its inhabitants , and make this place as Tophet .

And these were the names of the children who were to him in Jerusalem : Shammua , and Shobab , Nathan , and Solomon ,
Reuben , you are my first born , my strength and the firstfruit of my power ; excellence of dignity and excellence of might .
Now it is in my heart to cut a covenant with Jehovah , the God of Israel , and the glow of His anger shall turn back from us .
But if we say , From men , they feared the people . For all held that John really was a prophet .

My words shall be from my upright heart ; and my lips will clearly speak knowledge .
and to the kings that were on the north of the heights , and in the plains south of Chinneroth , and in the low country , and in the hills of Dor on the west ;
And your houses will be full , and the houses of all your servants , and the houses of the Egyptians , which neither your fathers nor the fathers of your fathers have seen ; from the day of their being on the earth until this day . And he turned and went out from Pharaoh .
And Jehoshaphat lived in Jerusalem , and he went out again among the people , from Beersheba to the hills of Ephraim , and brought them back to Jehovah the God of their fathers .
And , behold ! We were binding sheaves in the middle of the field . And , behold , my sheaf rose up and also stood up . And , behold , your sheaves came around and bowed themselves to my sheaf .
Then Jesus said to them , Yet a little while I am with you , and I go to Him who sent Me .


saying , This one persuades men to worship God contrary to the Law .
And Jehu did not take heed to walk in the law of Jehovah , the God of Israel , with all his heart . He did not turn from the sins of Jeroboam , who caused Israel to sin .
And He shall be for a sanctuary , and for a stone of stumbling , and for a rock of falling to the two houses of Israel ; for a trap and for a snare to the dweller of Jerusalem .
And the Levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the alien , and the fatherless , and the widow who are within your gates shall come and shall eat and be satisfied ; so that Jehovah your God may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
But the word of the true proverb has happened to them : " The dog turning to his own vomit ; " also , the washed sow to wallowing in mud .
And knowing , Jesus said to them , Why do you reason among yourselves because you took no loaves , little-faiths ?
And he said , At this season , according to the time of life you shall embrace a son . And she said , No , my lord , O man of God , do not lie to your handmaid .
As to the porch on the front of the temple of the house , its length was twenty cubits according to the breadth of the house ; its breadth on the front of the house was ten cubits .
The Angel that redeemed me from every evil , may He bless the youths ; and may my name be called on them , and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac , and may they like the fishes increase into a multitude in the midst of the earth .
He keeps the feet of His saints , and the wicked are silenced in darkness ; for man does not become mighty by power .
that the blessing of Abraham might be to the nations in Christ Jesus , that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith .
And all the evil of the men of Shechem God turned back on their heads . And the curse of Jotham the son of Jerubbaal came on them .
And these are the words of the letter that the prophet sent from Jerusalem to the rest of the elders of the exile , and to the priests , and to the prophets , and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had exiled from Jerusalem to Babylon
And David divided them into divisions of the sons of Levi , of Gershon , Kohath , and Merari .
By the hand of your messengers , you have defamed the Lord , and have said , With the multitude of my chariots I have come up to the height of the mountains , to the sides of Lebanon , and I will cut down the height of its cedars , the best of its firs , and I will enter into the furthest dwelling , its densest forest ;
And then if anyone says to you , Behold , here is the Christ ! Or , Behold , there ! You shall not believe .
And going forth from there , they passed by through Galilee . And He desired that no one know .
Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai , the son of the Maachathite ; Eliam the son of Ahithophel , the Gilonite ;
And His mercy is to generations of generations to those fearing Him .
The Spirit breathes where He desires , and you hear His voice ; but you do not know from where He comes , and where He goes ; so is everyone who has received birth from the Spirit .
And it happened in those days , Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee and was baptized by John in the Jordan .
You who gives salvation to kings , who delivers His servant David from the evil sword .
So with might , the Word of the Lord increased and was strong .
Now , then , divide this land for an inheritance to the nine tribes , and the half tribe of Manasseh .
At this time she is outside , now in the streets , and she lies in wait at every corner ;
For when we were in the flesh , the passions of sin were working in our members through the law for the bearing of fruit unto death .
And Pharaoh said to his brothers , What is your occupation ? And they said to Pharaoh , Your servants are shepherds of flocks , both we and our fathers .
And Jonadab said to the king , See , the sons of the king have come , as the word of your servant , so it has been .
So the two thanksgiving choirs stood in the house of God , and I , and half of the rulers with me .
You shall not plow with an ox and an ass together .
And of the multitude of those who believed , the heart and the soul were one . And no one said any of the possessions to be his own , but all things were common to them .
And David said to Michal , Before Jehovah , who chose me over your father and over all your father's house , to command me to be leader over the people of Jehovah , and over Israel , so I danced before Jehovah .
The one loving his brother rests in the light , and no offense is in him .
As smoke is driven away , You drive them away ; as wax melts before the fire , the wicked perish in God's presence .

And it was needful for Him to pass through Samaria .
I am an alien in the earth ; hide not Your commandments from me .
The leaders ceased in Israel ; they ceased until I , Deborah , arose ; I arose as a mother in Israel .

He swallows wealth , but vomits it ; God drives it out from his belly .
And when he had learned that the document was signed , went to his house . And his windows were open in his roof room toward Jerusalem . He knelt on his knees three times in the day , and prayed and praised before his God , as he did before .
those who leave the paths of uprightness to walk in the ways of darkness ,
And the king of Babylon struck them and slaughtered them in Riblah in the land of Hamath . And Judah was exiled from off his land .
If I am not an apostle to others , yet I am indeed to you ; for you are the seal of my apostleship in the Lord .
And of the Shilonites , Asaiah the first-born and his sons .
And he gave a portion to Caleb the son of Jephunneh among the sons of Judah , according to the command of Jehovah to Joshua : the City of Arba , the father of Anak ; it is Hebron .
and I will break the pride of your strength , and will make your heavens as iron , and your earth as bronze ;
And Saul said , I have sinned . Return , my son David , for I shall not do evil to you any more , because my life has been precious in your eyes today . Behold , I have acted foolishly , and I have erred exceedingly much .
Woe to you , lawyers ! Because you took the key of knowledge ; you yourselves did not enter , and you kept out the ones entering .
But we think it fitting to hear from you as to what you think , for truly as concerning this sect , it is known to us that it is spoken against everywhere .

Salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all those hating us ,
And Pharaoh said to Joseph , I am Pharaoh , and without a word from you not a man shall lift his hand or his foot in all the land of Egypt .
And for the villages , with their fields some of the sons of Judah lived at Kirjath-arba , and in its villages ; and at Dibon , and in its villages ; and at Jekabzeel , and its villages ;
The burden of Babylon which the son of Amoz saw :
And Absalom rose up and stood by the side of the way of the gate And it happened that every man who had a cause to come to the king for judgment , Absalom called to him and said , Of what city are you ? And he said , Your servant is from one of the tribes of Israel .
For this reason I bow my knees to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ ,
and said to him , Run , speak to this young man , saying , Jerusalem shall be inhabited , as towns without walls , for the multitude of men and livestock in her midst .
And Jehovah had not spoken that He would blot the name of Israel from under the heavens , but saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joash .
provides her bread in the summer , and gathers her food in the harvest .
And I said to my master , Perhaps the woman will not go after me .
In the fifteenth year of Amaziah the son of Joash the king of Judah , Jeroboam the son of Jehoash the king of Israel reigned in Samaria , forty one years .
They answered and said to king Nebuchadnezzar , O king , live forever !
And Moses said , Fill your hand today for Jehovah , since each one has been against his son and against his brother , and in order to give you a blessing today .
I sink in deep mire , and there is no standing ; I have come into deep waters where the floods overflow me .
Woe to him who builds his house without righteousness , and his upper rooms without justice . His neighbor serves without pay , and he does not give him his work ;
Day by day they pour forth speech , and night to night reveals knowledge .
Also from the Levites : Jozabad , and Shimei , and Kelaiah ( he was Kelita ) , Pethahiah , Judah , and Eliezer .
Men will call them reprobate silver , for Jehovah has rejected them .



Judah , may your brothers praise you , your hand be on the neck of your enemies . May the sons of your father bow themselves to you .
And Ezra blessed Jehovah , the great God . And all the people answered , Amen , Amen , lifting up their hands . And they bowed and worshiped to Jehovah with their noses to the ground .
Jesus answered them , Has it not been written in your Law , " I said , you are gods " ?
And Zedekiah the king sent and took the prophet to him , into the third entrance in the house of Jehovah . And the king said to Jeremiah , I will ask you a thing ; do not hide a thing from me .
But where are your gods that you have made for yourselves ? Let them arise , if they can save you in the time of your evil ; for according to the number of your cities are your gods , O Judah .
in that you have taken My silver and My gold and have carried My good treasures to your temples .
For I will pour water on a thirsty place , and floods on the dry ground . I will pour My Spirit on your seed , and My blessing on your offspring .
he has not eaten on the mountains , and has not lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel ; he has not defiled his neighbor's wife ,
and the greetings in the markets , and to be called by men , Rabbi , Rabbi .

And the days that Jehu reigned over Israel were twenty eight years , in Samaria .
But Johanan , the son of Kareah , and all the army commanders , took all the remnant of Judah who had returned from all the nations where they had been driven , to sojourn in the land of Judah :
And in the same hour He healed many from diseases and plagues and evil spirits . And He gave to many blind ones ability to see .

And the king said , Let him turn to his house , and he shall not see my face . And Absalom turned to his house , and he did not see the king's face .
And the Philistines had gathered and had come in and camped in Shunem . And Saul gathered all Israel , and they camped in Gilboa .
And Saul swore to her by Jehovah , saying , As Jehovah lives , no evil shall happen to you because of this thing .
Jehovah reigns ! Let the earth rejoice ; let the multitude of islands be glad .
For the creation was not willingly subjected to vanity , but through Him subjecting it , on hope ;
And it happened on the third day that put on royal clothing and stood in the inner court of the king's house , before the king's inner house . And the king was sitting on his royal throne in the royal house , in front of the gate of the house .
But rising up , go down and go with them , not discriminating , because I have sent them .
And the priests and the Levites in all Israel stationed themselves by him , out of all their territory .
I have sworn by Myself , the word has gone out of My mouth in righteousness , and shall not return , that to Me every knee shall bow , every tongue shall swear .
And if in the day her husband hears , he prohibits her , then he has broken her vow which is on her , and the rash utterance of her lips with which she has bound her soul . And Jehovah will forgive her .
wealth and riches in his house ; and his righteousness is standing forever .
And it was told to David . And he gathered all Israel , and passed over the Jordan , and came to Helam . And the Syrians set themselves in order to meet David . And they fought with him .
Blessed is he who comes in the name of Jehovah ; we blessed you from the house of Jehovah .
Deliver me not into the soul of my enemies ; for false witnesses have risen against me , and he that puffs out violence .



And Jehovah commanded us to do all these statutes , to fear Jehovah our God for our good forever , to keep us alive , as today .
eleven days from Horeb by way of Mount Seir to Kadeshbarnea .
And Jeroboam the son of Nebat , an Ephrathite of Zereda , a servant of Solomon ( and his mother's name was Zeruah , a widow woman ) he also lifted up a hand against the king .
Dread , and the pit , and a snare are upon you , dweller of the earth .
When you come to see My face , who has required this at your hand , to trample My courts ?
Rejoice and be glad , O daughter of Edom , living in the land of Uz , The cup also shall pass through to you ; you shall be drunken and stripped naked .
Moses and Aaron were among His priests ; and Samuel was among those who called on His name ; they called to Jehovah , and He answered them .
Jehovah has sworn and will not repent : You are a priest forever according to the order of Melchizedek .
And the word of Jehovah was to Jeremiah , saying ,
And on the third day a marriage took place in Cana of Galilee , and the mother of Jesus was there .
And now , my lord , as Jehovah lives , and as your soul lives , in that Jehovah has withheld you from coming in with blood , and delivering your hand for you ; even now let your enemies be as Nabal , even those seeking evil to my lord .
And Eli heard the noise of the cry , and said , What is the noise of this tumult ? And the man hurried and came and reported to Eli .
no longer as a slave , but beyond a slave , a beloved brother , especially to me , and how much more to you , both in the flesh and in the Lord .
and any one of you say to them , Go in peace , be warmed and filled , but does not give them the things the body needs , what gain is it ?
And the woman said to Elijah , Now I know this , that you are a man of God , and the word of Jehovah in your mouth is truth .
He sent out his hand against those who wish him well ; he polluted his covenant .
And you said to your servants , If your youngest brother does not come down with you , you shall not see my face any more

whom Jason has received . And these all act contrary to the decrees of Caesar , saying there is another king , Jesus .
He will bless those who fear Jehovah , the small and the great .
Then built an altar to Jehovah , the God of Israel , in Mount Ebal ,
And you shall come from your place out of the recesses of the north , you and many peoples with you , all of them riding on horses , a great assembly , a mighty army .
But You , O Jehovah , shall laugh at them ; you shall mock at all the nations .

And he made the pillars . And two rows were all around on the one lattice , to cover the capitals on the top with the pomegranates . And so he did for the other capital .
There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel before Jehovah .
I will bring an heir to you again , O dweller of Mareshah . The glory of Israel shall come to Adullam .
Then Mary , when she came where Jesus was , seeing Him , she fell at His feet , saying to Him , Lord , if You were here , my brother would not have died .
They neither know nor will understand ; they walk in darkness ; all the foundations of the earth are shaken .
And he made its horns on its four corners ; its horns were of it . And he overlaid it with bronze .
The wicked walk around on every side , when vileness is exalted by the sons of men .

They are not in the misery of mortal man ; and with men they are not touched .
And He said to me , Go , for I will send you to the nations afar off .
My God has sent His Angel , and He has shut the mouths of the lions . And they have not hurt me , because in His sight purity was found in me . And also before you , O king , I have done no harm .
And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in its streets .

and his army , and those numbered of them were fifty four thousand and four hundred .
And Laban said to Jacob , are you not my brother ? And should you serve me for nothing ? Tell me , what shall be your wages ?

And in His praying , the appearance of His face became different , and His clothing was dazzling white .
Have you commanded the morning from your days , and caused the dawn to know its place ,
The sons of Rachel the wife of Jacob : Joseph and Benjamin .
And they said to him , So says Hezekiah , it is a day of distress , and of rebuke , and of contempt today ; for the sons have come to the birth , and there is no power to bring forth .
O my God , I cry by day , but You do not answer ; and in the night , and there is no silence to me .
And tempting Him , others were seeking a sign from Heaven from Him .
Then seeing His mother , and the disciple whom He loved standing by , Jesus said to His mother , Woman , behold your son !
And He made darkness pavilions all around Him , the gathering of waters , thick clouds of the skies .
For I will never again pity the inhabitants of the land , says Jehovah . But , lo , I will make the men fall , each one into his neighbor's hand , and into his king's hand . And they shall strike the land , and I will not deliver out of their hand .
or one humpbacked , or one emaciated , or with a spot in his eye , or a scurvy one , or one scabbed , or one with crushed testicles .
He also made the pillars , sixty cubits , even to the court pillar , from the gate all around .
Hear and testify in the house of Jacob , declares the Lord Jehovah , the God of hosts .
Go , inquire of Jehovah for me , and for the people , and for all Judah , as to the words of this book that has been found ; for great is the wrath of Jehovah that has been kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
And going along with the guard , they made the grave secure , sealing the stone .
one girded in loins , and a he goat , and a king when his army is with him .
who was delivered because our offenses and was raised because of our justification .
He counts iron as straw , bronze as rotten wood .
His parents answered them and said , We know that this is our son , and that he was born blind .
In that day Jehovah shall visit the sea monster , the darting serpent , with His great and fierce and strong sword ; even on the sea monster , the twisting serpent ; and He shall slay the monster that is in the sea .
And in Jerusalem lived some of the sons of Judah , and of the sons of Benjamin . From the sons of Judah were Athaiah the son of Uzziah , the son of Zechariah , the son of Amariah , the son of Shephatiah , the son of Mahalaleel , of the sons of Perez ;

But Paul answered , What are you doing , weeping and breaking my heart ? For I not only am ready to be bound , but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus .
But for the cowardly and unbelieving , and those having become foul , and murderers , and fornicators , and sorcerers , and idolaters , and all the lying ones , their part will be in the Lake burning with fire and brimstone , which is the second death .
So nations shall fear the name of Jehovah , and all the kings of the earth Your glory .

A tower of salvation is He to His king ; even doing mercy to His anointed , to David and to his seed , until forever !
But the chief priests stirred up the crowd , that rather he should release Barabbas to them .
And Gaal saw the people , and he said to Zebul , Behold , people are coming down from the top of the mountains . And Zebul said to him , You are seeing the shadow of the mountains like men .
And I will gather the remnant of My flock out of all the lands where I have driven them there , and will bring them again to their fold . And they shall be fruitful and multiply .
And all the people rose up as one man , saying , Not one of us shall go to his tent , and not one of us shall return to his house .
And he brought me to the porch of the house and measured each pillar of the porch , five cubits from here , and five cubits from there . And the gate was three cubits wide from here , and three cubits from there .
And it was so . And he rose early on the next day and wrung the fleece , and drained dew out of the fleece , a bowl full of water .
And You came down on Mount Sinai and spoke with them from the heavens , and gave them right judgments and true laws , good statutes and commandments .
Children , obey your parents in the Lord , for this is right .
You have set our iniquities before You , our secret sins in the light of Your face .
that you keep the commandment spotless , blameless , until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ ,
And Pharaoh's princes saw her , and they praised her before Pharaoh . And the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house .
But He was silent and answered nothing . Again the high priest questioned Him , and said to Him , Are you the Christ , the Son of the Blessed ?
It is in vain for you to rise early , sit up late , to eat the bread of toils ; for so He gives His beloved sleep .
This is the people whom Nebu-chadnezzar exiled : In the seventh year , three thousand and twenty three Jews ;

You shall make fifty loops on the one curtain ; and you shall make fifty loops in the end of the curtain at the second juncture ; the corresponding loops each to her sister .
And the sons of Neariah : Elioenai , and Hezekiah , and Azrikam , three .
For my iniquities have passed over my head , as a heavy burden too heavy for me .
And when Abram heard that his brother was captured , even then he led out his trained men , born of his household , three hundred and eighteen . And they pursued as far as Dan .
And Mephibosheth the son of Jonathan the son of Saul came to David and fell on his face , and prostrated himself . And David said , Mephibosheth ! And he said , Behold , your servant .
And Jehovah said to Moses and to Aaron , Take for yourselves the fullness of your hands of soot from the furnace , and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven before Pharaoh's eyes .

even all those that were numbered were six hundred and three thousand and five hundred and fifty .
A Prayer of David . O Jehovah , hear righteousness ; listen to my cry ; give ear to my prayer , for it is not in lips of deceit .
And their genealogy , by their generations , heads of their fathers' house , mighty warriors , twenty thousand and two hundred .
And my tongue shall muse on Your righteousness all the day ; because those seeking my evil are disgraced ; they are put to shame .
And he made the molten sea of ten cubits from its brim to its brim , circular all around ; and its height was five cubits ; and a line of thirty cubits compassed it all around .
And it happened , as he was bowing himself in the house of his god Nisroch , his sons Adrammelech and Sharezer struck him with the sword ; and they escaped into the land of Ararat . And his son Esarhaddon reigned in his place .

And it shall be , when you have finished crying this hook , you shall tie a stone to it and throw it into the middle of the Euphrates .
Behold , we are coming into the land ; you shall bind this scarlet thread of line in the window by which you have let us down . And you shall gather your father , and your mother , and your brothers , and all your father's house to you , to the house .
Lift up your heads , O gates ; and be lifted up , O everlasting doors ; and the King of glory shall come in .
But knowing , the brothers led him down to Caesarea and sent him forth to Tarsus .
There was overlaying with white linen and violet , with cords of fine linen and purple to silver rings and pillars of white marble . The couches were of gold and silver , on a red and white and pearl and black marble pavement .
All of you gather and hear : Who among them has declared these things ? Jehovah has loved him . He will do His pleasure on Babylon ; yea , His arm shall be on the Chaldeans .
And he put the laver between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar . And he gave there water for washing .
Grace to you , and peace , from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ .
The sons of Rachel : Joseph and Benjamin .
On account of this the Jews of the villages who lived in the unwalled towns made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting , and a good day , and a day of sending portions to one another .
and there will be goat's milk enough for your food , for the food of your household , and for the life of your maidens .

And when he shall cause her to drink the water , then it shall be , if she has been defiled and has committed a trespass against her husband , the water which cause the curse shall go into her for bitter things ; and her belly shall swell , and her thigh shall fall away , and the woman shall become a curse in the midst of her people .
And Berechiah and Elkanah were gatekeepers for the ark .
And the sons of Saul were Jonathan and Ishvi , and Malchishua ; and his two daughters' names : the first-born's name was Merab ; and the name of the younger , Michal .
And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered , and camped in the valley of Elah . And they set the battle in order to meet the Philistines .
And Jeroboam's wife rose up and left , and came to Tirzah . She came in to the threshold of the house , and the boy died .
And David called to the people , and to Abner the son of Ner , saying , Do you not answer , Abner ? And Abner replied and said , Who are you , the one calling to the king ?


Pass through your land as the Nile , O daughter of Tarshish ; there is no more strength .
and saying , If you are the king of the Jews , save yourself .
who satisfies your desire with good ; your youth is renewed like the eagle's .
The flowers appear on the earth ; the time of singing has come ; and the voice of the turtledove is heard in our land .


And Jehovah said to Aaron , Go to the wilderness to meet Moses . And he went and met him in the mountain of God ; and he kissed him .
And Samuel brought near all the tribes of Israel , and the tribe of Benjamin was taken .
because the great day of His wrath has come ; and who is able to stand ?
And seeing him again , the female slave began to say to those standing by , This one is of them .
The sons of Lod , Hadid and Ono , seven hundred and twenty five .
in the twenty-fourth day of the sixth month , in the second year of Darius the king .
Therefore , all things , whatever you desire that men should do to you , so also you should do to them ; for this is the Law and the Prophets .
And it was drawn from the north and went out to En-shemesh , and went out toward Geliloth , which is across from the ascent of Adummim , and went down to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben ,
And Satan entered into Judas , the one having been called Iscariot , being of the number of the Twelve .
For , behold , you are pregnant and bearing a son . And a razor shall not go on his head , for the boy shall be a Nazirite to God from the womb . And he shall begin to save Israel out of the hand of the Philistines .
among whom we also all conducted ourselves in times past in the lusts of our flesh , doing the things willed of the flesh and of the understandings , and were by nature the children of wrath , even as the rest .
And came to them suddenly ( he had traveled all night from Gilgal )
And they forgot His works and His wonders which He had shown them ;
For you endure if anyone enslaves you , if anyone devours , if anyone takes away from you , if anyone exalts self , if anyone beats you in the face .
And he who falls on this Stone will be broken ; but on whomever it falls , it will grind him to powder .
And Herodias held it against him , and desired to kill him , but was not able .
But evening coming , the Lord of the vineyard said to his manager , Call the workers and pay them the wage , beginning from the last to the first .
And Mariam said , Behold , the slave of the Lord ! May it be to me according to your word . And the angel departed from her .
But let the one being taught in the word share with the one teaching , in all good things .
O God , remember Tobiah and Sanballat according to these works of theirs , and also to the prophetess Noadiah , and the rest of the prophets who are my alarmers .
Jehovah shall send the rod of Your strength out of Zion ; rule in the midst of Your enemies .
And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea , and Jehovah caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all night . And He made the sea dry land , and the waters divided .
For from the east to the west , My name shall be great among the nations , and everywhere incense shall be offered to My name ; and a pure food offering ; for My name shall be great among the nations , says Jehovah of hosts .
And you shall know that I am Jehovah when I have worked with you for My name's sake , and not by your evil ways , nor by your corrupt deeds , O house of Israel , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And I also will cut off your graven images and your pillars from your midst . And you shall not any more worship the work of your hands .
whom I sent to you for this same thing , that you might know the things about us , and he may comfort your hearts .
And you shall make poles for the altar , poles of acacia timbers . And you shall overlay them with bronze .
Be a rock of strength for me , to which I may always go ; You have given a command to save me ; for You are my rock and my fortress .
the Place of Ruin and death say , We have heard its fame with our ears .


Wives , be subject to your own husbands , as is becoming in the Lord .
" Did not My hands make all these things ? "
Speak , So says Jehovah , Even the bodies of men shall fall as dung on the open field , and as the swath after the reaper , and no one shall gather them .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other creature will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus , our Lord .
So you go and read in the roll the words of Jehovah that you have written from my mouth , in the house of Jehovah , in the ears of the people on the fasting day . And also you shall read them in the ears of all Judah who come out from their cities .
And Jehovah said , Judah shall go up . Behold , I have given the land into his hand .
And also all the houses of the high places in the cities of Samaria , that the kings of Israel had made to provoke to anger , Josiah took away , and to them according to all the acts that he had done in Bethel .
For the kingdom of Heaven is like a man , a housemaster , who went out when it was early to hire workers into his vineyard .
And the sons of Israel asked of Jehovah ( and the ark of the covenant of God was there in those days ,
Who will rise up for Me against the evildoers ? Who will stand up for Me against the workers of evil ?
And looking on the sanhedrin , Paul said , Men , brothers , I in all good conscience have conducted myself toward God to this day .
And the sons of Israel did evil in the sight of Jehovah again , and served the Baals , and the Ashtoreths , and the gods of Syria , and the gods of Sidon , and the gods of Moab , and the gods of the sons of Ammon , and the gods of the Philistines . And they forsook Jehovah and did not serve Him .
And seeing what Paul did , the crowd lifted up their voice in Lycaonian , saying , The gods have come down to us , becoming like men .

and he shall take the cedar wood , and the hyssop , and the scarlet , and the living bird , and shall dip them in the blood of the slain bird , and in the running water , and shall sprinkle on the house seven times .
And all the multitude of the neighborhood of the Gadarenes were seized with a great fear . And they asked Him to depart from them . And entering into the boat , He returned .
And the son of Pallu was Eliab .
And Naaman the commander of the army of the king of Syria was a great and exalted man before his lord , for Jehovah had given deliverance to Syria by him . And he was a brave warrior , but leprous .
And they told Mordecai Esther's words .
hindering us from speaking to the nations in order that they be saved , to fill up their sins always . But the wrath has come on them to the uttermost .
And this is his uncleanness in his discharge , if his flesh has run with his discharge , or his flesh has ceased from his discharge ; it is his uncleanness .
A man with an evil eye hastens after wealth , but he does not know that poverty will come on him .
And Nebuchadnezzar brought some of the vessels of the house of Jehovah to Babylon , and put them in his temple in Babylon .
Because of this , be glad , the heavens and those tabernacling in them . Woe to the ones dwelling on the earth , and in the sea , because the Devil came down to you having great anger , knowing that he has a little time !
then He opens the ear of men and seals their instruction ,
And , behold , six men were coming from the way of the Upper Gate , which faces north . And each had his shattering weapon in his hand . And one man among them was clothed in linen , and an ink horn of a scribe at his loins . And they went in and stood beside the bronze altar .
And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet shall anoint him there as king over Israel . And you shall blow with the ram's horn and shout , Let king Solomon live !
And now , says Jehovah who formed Me from the womb to be His servant , to bring Jacob back to Him : Though Israel is not gathered , yet I am honored in the eye of Jehovah , and My God is My strength .
And their enemies oppressed them and they were humbled under their hand .
And he said to his servants , Behold , Joab's allotment is beside mine , and he has barley there . Go and set it on fire . And Absalom's servants set the allotment on fire .
And Moses spoke to the people , saying , Some men of you be armed for the army , and they shall be against Midian , to give the vengeance of Jehovah on Midian ;
And on the first day of the Feast of Unleavened Bread , the disciples came to Jesus , saying to Him , Where do you desire we should prepare for You to eat the Passover ?
For this is the waters of Noah to Me ; for as I swore to refrain from passing over the waters of Noah over the earth again , so I have sworn from being and with you and rebuking you .
You shall not delay giving your harvest and your vintage . You shall give to Me the first born of your sons .
And Joseph remembered the dreams which he had dreamed about them . And he said to them , You are spies ! You have come in to see the bareness of the land .
Take yours and go . But I desire to give to this last as also to you .
Kerioth is captured , and the strongholds are seized . And the mighty men's hearts in Moab shall be at that day like the heart of a woman in her pangs .
girded with girdles on their loins , with overflowing turbans on their heads , the look of rulers , all of them , like the sons of Babylon in Chaldea , the land of their birth .
and saying , The time has been fulfilled , and the kingdom of God draws near . Repent and believe in the gospel .

And he gave by weight gold for the tables of the Bread of Arrangement , for table and table ; silver for the tables of silver ;
And he struck them from Aroer until you come to Minnith , even twenty cities , and to the meadow of the vineyards , a very great destruction . And the sons of Ammon were humbled before the sons of Israel .

that the waters stood still , those coming down from above rose up into a heap , very far above the city Adam , which is beside Zaretan ; and those going down by the sea of the Arabah , the Salt Sea , were completely cut off . And the people passed over opposite to Jericho .

And answered and said :
And He said , Hear now , O house of David , is it too little that you weary men , but will you also weary my God ?
And they questioned Him , saying , Teacher , we know that you say and teach rightly , and do not receive a face , but you teach the way of God with truth .
And that man went up from his city from year to year to worship and to sacrifice before Jehovah of hosts in Shiloh . And the two sons of Eli , Hophni and Phinehas , were priests to Jehovah there .
Adorn yourself with majesty now , and with grandeur , and clothe yourself with glory and honor ;
Shall I declare wicked balances to be pure , or a bag of deceitful weights ?
For they bind heavy and hard to bear burdens , and lay them on the shoulders of men , but they do not desire to move them with their finger .
and Rabbith , and Kishion , and Abez ,
Yet you say , The way of the Lord is not fair . Hear now , O house of Israel . Is My way not fair ? Are your ways not unfair ?

These heads of the fathers of the Levites were heads throughout their generation ; these lived at Jerusalem .
They had gone out from the city , not having gone far , and Joseph said to the one over his house , Rise up , pursue the men and overtake them , and say to them , Why have you repaid evil for good ?

See , Jehovah your God has set the land before you ; go up , possess it , as Jehovah the God of your fathers has spoken to you ; do not fear or be afraid .

And when Esau saw that the daughters of Canaan were evil in the eyes of his father Isaac ,
And he shall bring near from the sacrifice of the peace offering a fire offering to Jehovah , the fat which covers the inward parts , and all the fat on the inward parts ,
they led the ass and the colt . And they put on them their garments , and set Him on them .
And they will ask you of your welfare and give to you two loaves of bread , and you will take them from their hand .
And I will completely hide My face in that day , because of all the evil which this people has done , for it shall turn to other gods .
As for these four boys , God gave them knowledge and skill in all writing and wisdom . And had understanding in all visions and dreams .
And he commanded the first ones , saying , When my brother Esau meets you and asks , saying , Whose are you , and where do you go , and whose are these before your face ?
If God so enrobes the grass of the field ( which is today , and is thrown into a furnace tomorrow ) will He not much rather you , little-faiths ?
And the heaven departed like a scroll being rolled up . And every mountain and island were moved out of their places .

And it happened on one of the days , even He was teaching . And Pharisees and teachers of the Law were sitting by , who were coming out of every village of Galilee and Judea , and Jerusalem . And the power of the Lord was there , for the curing of them .
He has stripped me of my honor , and He has taken the crown from my head .
The sons of the porters : The sons of Shallum , the sons of Ater , the sons of Talmon , the sons of Akkub , the sons of Hatita , the sons of Shobai , a hundred and thirty nine .
And going on , proclaim , saying , The kingdom of Heaven has drawn near .
If he brings it for a thanksgiving , then he shall bring with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and thin unleavened wafers anointed with oil , and of well-mixed flour , cakes mixed with oil .
To the Chief musician on Mahalath . A Contemplation ; A Psalm of David . The fool has said in his heart , There is no God ! They have done corruptly ; they have committed abominable wickedness ; there is not one doing good !
And He said to me , Have you seen , son of man ? You turn again and you shall see greater abominations than these .
Pray without ceasing .
And it happened when I prophesied , Pelatiah , the son of Benaiah , died . Then I fell on my face and cried with a loud voice and said , Ah , Lord Jehovah ! Will you make an full end of the remnant of Israel ?
And you shall eat it in the holy place , for it is your portion , and the portion of your sons , from the fire offerings of Jehovah ; for so I have been commanded .
Arise , O God , contend for Your cause ; remember Your reproach from the fool all the day .
And they helped David against the raiding band , for they all were valiant warriors ; and they were commanders in the army ;
And you shall write them on the doorposts of your house , and on your gates .
And the king of Babylon slaughtered the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes . He also slaughtered all the rulers of Judah in Riblah .
If it please the king , let there be a royal decree from him , and let it be written among the laws of Persia and Media so that it shall not pass away , that Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus . And let the king give her royal estate to a neighbor who is better than she is .
And Moses and Aaron went up with Nadab and Abihu , and seventy from the elders of Israel .
When He utters His voice , there is a noise of waters in the heavens . He causes the vapors to go up from the ends of the earth ; He makes lightnings for the rain and brings forth the wind out of His storehouses .
And He broke my teeth with gravel ; He has covered me in the ashes .
And a south wind blowing gently , thinking to have gained the purpose , raising anchor they sailed along close by Crete .
He who breaks me with a tempest , and adds to my wounds without cause ;
but whoever may drink of the water which I will give him will never ever thirst , but the water which I will give to him will become a fountain of water in him , springing up into everlasting life .
And It shall be to you for a fringe , that you may look on it and remember all the commandments of Jehovah , and do them ; and that you do not go about after your own heart and your own eyes after which you go astray ;
And he brought out from there all the treasures of the house of Jehovah , and the treasures of the house of the king , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold that Solomon the king of Israel had made in the temple of Jehovah , as Jehovah had spoken .
fear and trembling met me , and made my many bones dread .
Behold , all of you who kindle fire , who are surrounded by sparks ; walk in the light of your fire and in the sparks you are burning . This shall be to you from My hand ; you shall lie down in pain .
until I went into the sanctuary of God ; now I understood their end .


And the king said to her , What shall be to you ? And she said , Truly I am a widow woman , and my husband died .
And your life shall hang in doubt before you , and you shall fear day and night , and shall have no assurance of your life .
And His disciples were exceedingly astonished when they heard this , saying , Who then can be saved ?
And they came to Jesus , and stared at the one who had been demon possessed , sitting and being clothed , and being in his senses , the one who had the legion . And they feared .
And they did not thirst ; He led them in the deserts ; He made waters flow out of rock for them . And He cut open the rock and the water gushed out .
The wicked shall see and be vexed ; he shall gnash his teeth and melt ; the desire of the wicked shall perish .
And you shall say to Jehoiakim the king of Judah , So says Jehovah , You have burned this roll , saying , Why have you written on it , saying , The king of Babylon shall surely come and destroy this land , and shall cause man and beast to cease from there ?
who changed the truth of God into the lie , and worshiped and served the created thing more than the Creator , who is blessed forever . Amen .
Therefore , send to Joppa and call for Simon who is surnamed Peter ; this one is lodged in the house of Simon , a tanner , by the sea . Having come , he will speak to you .
And they sing a new song , saying , Worthy are You to receive the scroll , and to open its seals , because You were slain , and by Your blood purchased us to God out of every tribe and tongue and people and nation ,
And Jehovah spoke to Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron , as they drew near before Jehovah , and they died .
Those who trust in their wealth , and in their many riches , boast themselves .
Your wife shall be like a fruitful vine by the sides of your house ; your sons shall be like olive plants around your table .
And David said to Abishai , and to all his servants , Behold , my son who came out of my loins is seeking my life , and surely now also the Benjamite . Leave him alone , and let him curse , for Jehovah has spoken to him .
And Moses and the priests , the Levites , spoke to all Israel , saying , Keep silence , and hear , O Israel : Today you have become the people of Jehovah your God .
Do they not find and divide the plunder ? A womb , two wombs to each man's head ; a plunder of dyed garments to Sisera , a plunder of embroidered dyed garments , two embroidered dyed garments for the necks of the plunder ?

He lies in wait secretly like a lion in his den ; he lies in ambush to catch the poor ; he seizes the poor , drawing him into his net ;
for it is God who is working in you both to will and to work for the sake of His good pleasure .
These are the set feasts of Jehovah which you shall proclaim , holy gatherings , to bring a fire offering to Jehovah , a burnt offering , and a food offering , a sacrifice , and drink offerings , the thing of a day on its own day ;

And taking the Twelve , He said to them , Behold , we are going up to Jerusalem , and all things will be fulfilled which have been written through the prophets to the Son of man .
And they also made fall lots just as their brothers the sons of Aaron did before the face of David the king , and Zadok , and Ahimelech , and the heads of the fathers , for the priests and Levites , even the head of the fathers , as well as his younger brother .
Jehovah , God of Heaven , who took me from the house of my father and from the land of my birth , and who spoke to me , and who swore to me , saying , I will give this land to your Seed ; He shall send His Angel before you , and you shall take a wife from there for my son .
And he reasoned in the synagogue on every sabbath persuading both Jews and Greeks .
Only , I will not do it in your days , for the sake of your father David ; I shall tear it out of your son's hand .
And he did the right in the eyes of Jehovah , according to all that his father Amaziah did ;
And Jehovah stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel , the son of Shealtiel , governor of Judah , and the spirit of Joshua , the son of Jehozadak , the high priest , and the spirit of all the remnant of the people . And they came and worked on the house of Jehovah of hosts , their God ,
Still , however , even out of the rulers , many did believe into Him . But because of the Pharisees , they were not confessing , so that they not be put out of the synagogue .
And Saul went up from following the Philistines . And the Philistines went to their own place .
Lift the heads of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi , by their families , by their fathers' houses ,
They are not crushed to this day , nor have they feared , nor walked in My law , nor in My statutes which I have set before you and before your fathers .
In the dark he digs through houses ; they shut themselves up by day ; they do not know the light .
And they caught the king of Ai and brought him alive to Joshua .
He walled around me and I cannot go out ; He has made heavy my bronze chain .
Entering into Caesarea , and giving the letter to the governor , they also presented Paul to him .
praying together about us also , that God may open to us a door of the Word , to speak the mystery of Christ , on account of which I also have been bound ,
Then I called a fast there at the river Ahava , so that we might humble ourselves before our God , in order to seek from Him a right way for us , and for our little ones , and for all our goods .
And his army , and those numbered of them were sixty two thousand and seven hundred .

And a man or woman , when there is among them a medium , or a familiar spirit , shall certainly be put to death ; they shall stone them with stones ; their blood is on them .
You will give them an insolent heart as Your curse to them .
And his daughter was Sherah ; and she built Beth-horon the lower and the upper , and Uzzensherah .
Your way is in the sea ; and Your path is in the great waters ; and Your footsteps are not known .

And it happened on one of those days , as He was teaching the people and announcing the gospel in the temple , the chief priests and the scribes came up , along with the elders ,
I , the man , have seen affliction by the rod of His wrath .
He puts the wilderness into waterponds ; and dry land into water-springs ;
being inflamed with idols under every green tree , slaughtering the children in the torrent beds , under the clefts of the rocks ?

And He said to me , Prophesy to these bones and say to them , O dry bones , hear the word of Jehovah :

Have You eyes of flesh ; or do You see as a man sees ?
And the chief of the executioners took away the basins , and the fire pans , and the bowls , and the pots , the lampstands , and the spoons , and the cups ; what was gold , in gold , and what was silver , in silver ,
And it happened , he being in the gate of Benjamin , a captain of the guard was there , and his name was Irijah the son of Shelemiah , the son of Hananiah . And he seized the prophet , saying , You are falling to the Chaldeans .
Dan , and Naphtali , Gad , and Asher .
And Abraham rose up and bowed himself to the people of the land , to the sons of Heth .
And the king of Israel went up , and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah , to Ramoth-gilead .
In vain I have stricken your sons ; they received no correction . Your own sword has devoured your prophets , like a destroying lion .
and Elishama , and Eliada , and Eliphelet , nine .
And you shall make holy garments for your brother Aaron , for glory and for beauty .
You were bought with a price ; then glorify God in your body , and in your spirit , which are of God .
and to have authority to heal diseases , and to cast out the demons .
And one said to Him , Lord , are the ones being saved few ? But He said to them ,
And he said , They were my brothers , sons of my mother . As Jehovah lives , if you had kept them alive , I would not have killed you .
They shall howl , saying , How it is broken down ! How has Moab turned his back in shame ! So Moab shall be a mockery , and a terror to all those around him .
And that prophet or that dreamer of dreams shall be put to death , because he has spoken apostasy against Jehovah your God , who is bringing you out of the land of Egypt , and has redeemed you out of the house of slaves , to drive you out of the way in which Jehovah your God has commanded you to walk . And you shall put away evil from among you .
And I gathered them to the river which runs to Ahava . And we camped there in tents three days . And I considered the people and the priests , and did not find there any of the sons of Levi .
And they pulled up from Libnah and camped in Rissah .
But he did not know the One who cured him , for a crowd being in that place , Jesus had withdrawn .
So Moab shall howl for Moab ; everyone shall howl ; all of it shall howl for the foundations of Kir-hareseth ; surely they are stricken .
And this is the charge of their burden , according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation : the boards of the tabernacle , and its bars and its pillars and its sockets ,
And Uzziah the king was a leper to the day of his death , and lived in a separate house as a leper , for he had been cut off from the house of Jehovah ; and his son Jotham was over the king's house , judging the people of the land .
it seemed good to us , having become of one mind , to send chosen men to you along with our beloved Barnabas and Paul ,
When Israel lived in Heshbon and its towns , and in Aroer and in its towns , in all the cities by the sides of Arnon three hundred years , then why have you not delivered them in that time ?
If a vicious witness rises up against any man to charge apostasy against him ,
Then the iron , the clay , the bronze , the silver , and the gold were together broken to pieces , and they became like the chaff of the summer threshing floors . And the wind carried them away so that no place was found for them . And the stone that struck the image became a great mountain and filled the whole earth .
It is better to live in a land of the wilderness than with a woman of strivings and vexations .

As the wandering bird , as the swallow in its flying , so the causeless curse shall never come .

Remaining , did it not remain yours ? And being sold , was it not in your authority ? Why is it that this action was put into your heart ? You did not lie to men , but to God !
And Simon Peter was standing and warming himself . Then they said to him , Are you not also of His disciples ? He denied and said , I am not .
And Jews were living in Jerusalem , devout men from every nation of those under the heaven .
Many will beg the favor of a noble , and all are friends to him who give gifts .
The sons of Ephraim , armed shooters of bows , turned back in the day of battle .
for Jehovah your God is a jealous God in your midst , lest the anger of Jehovah your God burn against you , and He destroy you from off the face of the earth .
And they began to beg Him to depart from their borders .
And they shall dwell on the land that I have given to my servant , to Jacob , there where your fathers dwelt in it . And they shall dwell on it , they and their sons , and the sons of their sons , forever . And My Servant David shall be a ruler to them forever .
He delivers and rescues , and He works signs and wonders in the heavens and in the earth , He who has delivered from the power of the lions .
O love Jehovah , all you saints of His ; Jehovah preserves the faithful , and abundantly repays the proud doer .
And you shall prepare a food offering for it from dawn to dawn , a sixth of an ephah , and a third of a hin of oil to wet the fine flour , a food offering to Jehovah , perfect statutes forever .

And rising up Peter went with them , and having arrived they led to the upper room . And all the widows stood by him , weeping and showing tunics and garments such as Dorcas made while being with them .
But if by grace , no longer is it of works ; else grace no longer becomes grace . But if of works , it is no longer grace ; else work is no longer work .

And every island fled away , and mountains were not found .
and also you may buy of the sons of the tenants who are sojourning with you , and of their families who are with you , which they have fathered in your land . And they shall be a possession to you .
And his acts , the first and the last , behold , they are written in the Book of the Kings of Israel and Judah .
Fire shall be continually burning on the altar ; it shall never go out .
And Jesus said , Father , forgive them , for they do not know what they are doing . And dividing His garments , they cast a lot .
And those shooting shot at your servants from off the wall , and some of the servants of the king are dead . And also your servant Uriah the Hittite is dead .

all these are sons of Jediael , even heads of their fathers , mighty warriors , seventeen thousand and two hundred going out to war for battle .
And another fell into the good ground , and yielded fruit , going up and increasing ; and one bore thirty , and one sixty , and one a hundredfold .

with whom the kings of the earth committed fornication , and the ones inhabiting the earth became drunk from the wine of her fornication .

And not being able to draw near to Him , due to the crowd , they unroofed the roof where He was . And digging through , they lowered the cot on which the paralytic was lying .
And answering , his lord said to him , Evil and slothful slave ! You knew that I reap where I did not sow , and gather where I did not I scatter .
All the poor man's brothers hate him , and his friends also surely leave him ; he pursues them with words , yet they are not .
And if his father has no brothers then you shall give his inheritance to his nearest relative , of his family . And he shall own it , and it shall be a statute of judgment to the sons of Israel , as Jehovah has commanded Moses .
And the stouthearted among the mighty shall run away naked in that day , declares Jehovah .
And it happened in the thirty seventh year of the exile of Jehoiachin , king of Judah , in the twelfth month , in the twenty fifth of the month , Evil-merodach , king of Babylon , in the year of his reign lifted up the head of Jehoiachin , king of Judah , and brought him from the prison house .
And , behold , I send forth the promise of My Father on you . But you sit in the city of Jerusalem until you are clothed with power from on high .
And I saw when He opened the sixth seal . And behold , a great earthquake occurred . And the sun became black as sackcloth made of hair ; and the moon became as blood ;
and say to them , So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , Cursed is the man who does not obey the words of this covenant ,
He chooses our inheritance for us , the majesty of Jacob whom He loved . Selah .
And it happened , when Israel had made an end to slaying all the inhabitants of Ai in the field , even in the wilderness where they pursued them ( and they all of them fell by the mouth of the sword until they were consumed ) all Israel turned back to Ai , and struck it with the mouth of the sword .
And I will make all My mountains a way , and My highways shall be set on high .
they shall come and shall declare His righteousness to a people that shall yet be born ; for He has done it .
And he inclined the heart of all the men of Judah as one man , and they sent to the king , Return , you and all your servants .
And they came to Elim . And there were twelve springs of water and seventy palm trees . And they camped by the waters .
The head of all the commanders of the army for the first month was of the sons of Perez .
O Jehovah , make me to know my end and the limit of my days , what it is . Let me know how lacking I am .
If anyone is blameless , husband of one wife , having faithful children , not in accusation of loose behavior , or disobedient ,
And you shall make a cover for the tent of rams' skins dyed red , and a covering of dugong skins from above .
even vainly opens his mouth ; he multiplies words without knowledge .
and Kedemoth and its open lands ; and Mephaath and its open lands .
The twentieth to Eliathah , his sons and his brothers , twelve .

And he joined five curtains one to another ; and he joined five curtains one to another .
who were born not of bloods , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but were born of God .

And Saul rose up and went down to the wilderness of Ziph , and three thousand men were with him , chosen ones of Israel , to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph .
And Moses sent his father-in-law away , and he went to his own land .
But He did not answer her a word . And coming near , His disciples asked Him , saying , Send her away , for she cries out after us .
And they had crossed over the ford to carry over the king's household , and to do the good in his eyes . And Shimei the son of Gera had fallen before the face of the king as he crossed over the Jordan .
But the one doing wrong will receive what he did wrong , and there is no respect of persons .
And Pilate also wrote a title and put it on the cross . And having been written , it was : JESUS THE NAZARENE , THE KING OF THE JEWS .
And David was going up in the ascent of the olives , going up and weeping . And his head was covered , and he was going barefooted . And all the people who were with him each had covered his head , and had gone up , going up and weeping .
Who is even among you that will shut the doors , and you not kindle fire on My altar in vain ? There is no delight to Me in you , says Jehovah of hosts . I will not be pleased with a food offering from you .
And he acted with force and struck Amalek , and delivered Israel from the hand of their plunderers .
Behold , the days come , says Jehovah , that I will cut a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah ,
And Jehovah said , Just as My servant has walked naked and barefoot three years ( a sign and a wonder on Egypt and on Ethiopia )
Behold , the days come , says Jehovah , that I will raise to David a righteous Branch , and a King shall reign and act wisely , and shall do justice and righteousness in the earth .
Answer me , O Jehovah , answer me ; and this people shall know that You are Jehovah God ; and You shall turn their hearts back again .
And shepherds were in the same country living in the fields and keeping guard over their flock by night .
For we , the ones believing , enter into the rest , even as He said , " As I swore in My wrath , they shall not enter into My rest , " though the works had come into being from the foundation of the world .
Why do you question Me ? Question those hearing what I spoke to them : behold , these know what I said !
Son of man , behold , the house of Israel is saying , The vision that he is seeing is for many days , and he prophesies for times far off .
He shall lift up the blessing from Jehovah , and righteousness from the God of his salvation .
and it happens when he hears the words of this curse , that he should bless himself in his heart , saying , I shall have peace , even though I walk in the stubbornness of my heart , to snatch away the drunken with the thirsty .
Therefore of this you shall diligently buy with this silver bulls , rams , lambs , with their food offerings , and their drink offerings , and offer them on the altar of the house of your God in Jerusalem .
In the seventh month , on the twenty-first of the month , the word of Jehovah was by the prophet , saying ,
But many first ones shall be last , and last ones first .
to whom God willed to make known what are the riches of the glory of this mystery among the nations , who is Christ in you , the hope of glory ;
And God said , Let an expanse be in the midst of the waters , and let it divide between the waters and the waters .
the wisdom and the knowledge are given to you , and riches , and treasures , and honor I will give to you , such as none of the kings who were before you has had , and after you it shall not be so .
It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise , than for a man to hear the song of fools .
So I counsel this : let all Israel be diligently gathered to you , from Dan even to Beersheba , as the sand that is by the sea for multitude . And you yourself shall go into battle .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Then coming up to Him , Peter said , Lord , how often shall my brother sin against me , and I forgive him ? Until seven times ?
He that strikes a man so that he dies , surely he shall be put to death .
And the third officer on whose hand the king leaned replied to the man of God , and said , Behold , if Jehovah would make windows in the heavens , this thing might be . And he said , Behold , you shall see with your eyes , but you shall not eat of it .
Though they nourish their sons , yet I will make them childless , without a man . Yea , woe also to them when I turn away from them !

In that day the mourning in Jerusalem shall be great , like the mourning of Hadad-rimmon in the valley of Megiddo .

They said to Him , Why then did Moses command to " give a bill of divorce , " " and to put her away " ?
And he stripped off his garments , he also , and he prophesied before Samuel , even he . And he fell down disrobed all that day and all that night . Because of this they say , Is Saul also among the prophets ?
For hearing about Him , a woman came up , one whose daughter had an unclean spirit . And she fell down at His feet .

And Rachel said , God has judged and has also heard my voice , and has given me a son . So she called his name Dan .
And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah came near and struck Micaiah on the cheek , and said , Where did the Spirit of Jehovah pass over from me to speak with you ?
They shall be led with gladness and rejoicing ; they shall go in to the King's palace .
And answering , Jesus said to them , Have you come out with swords and clubs to take Me , as against a robber ?
For through the Spirit is given to one a word of wisdom , and to another a word of knowledge , according to the same Spirit ;
And all the tithe of the herd and of the flock , all that passes under the rod , a tenth shall be holy to Jehovah ;
And they shall eat those things by which atonement is made to consecrate them , to sanctify them ; and a stranger shall not eat , for they are holy .

And the singers , the sons of Asaph , were in their place , according to David's command , and Asaph , and Heman , and Jeduthun the seer of the king ; and the gatekeepers were at each gate ; it was not for them to depart from their service , for their brothers the Levites prepared for them .
Then was fulfilled that spoken by Jeremiah the prophet , saying :

then I will give you rains in their season , and the land shall yield her produce , and the tree of the field shall give its fruit ;
And now , behold , we are in your hand . Do whatever is good , and as is right in your eyes to do .
And you shall remain at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation day and night for seven days , and you shall keep the charge of Jehovah and shall not die ; for so I have been commanded .
And Rehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah . Rehoboam was forty one years old when he began to reign . And he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem , the city which Jehovah chose out of all the tribes of Israel , to put his name there . And his mother's name was Naamah the Ammonitess .
And let the girl to whom I shall speak this : Please let down your pitcher that I may drink ; and she will say , Drink and also I will water your camels ; let it be her You have designed for Your servant , for Isaac . And by this I shall know that You have shown kindness to my master .
The path for the just is uprightness . Upright One , level the track of the just .
And David had taken Ahinoam from Jezreel . And they became , even both of them , wives to him .
On the fifth of the month , the fifth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin the king ,
having the same struggle which you saw in me and now hear to be in me .
And both the singers and the gatekeepers kept the watch of their God , and the watch of the cleansing , according to the command of David , of his son Solomon .
And he killed an Egyptian man , a man of five cubits stature ; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like the weaver's beam ; and he went down to him with a staff and wrenched the spear out of the Egyptian's hand ; and killed him with his own spear .
And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons , but daughters ; and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad were Mahlah , Noah , Hoglah , Milcah and Tirzah .
also certain women who were healed from evil spirits and infirmities : Mary , having been called Magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ,
And in the coming sabbath , almost all the city was gathered to hear the Word of God .
in whom we have boldness and access in confidence through His faith .
And according as any was prospered , the disciples , each of them , determined to send for ministry to those brothers living in Judea ,

And Elijah said to all the people , Come near to me . And all the people came near to him ; and he healed the altar of Jehovah that had been broken down .
And when he saw them , the king of Israel said to Elisha , Shall I strike ? Shall I strike , my father ?
Do not honor yourself before a king , and do not stand in the place of the great .
to that above the door , even to the inner house , and outside , and to all the wall all around inside and outside by measure .
And the rest of the people he gave into the hand of his brother Abishai , and he set in order to meet the sons of Ammon .
And after him the priests , the men of the plain , repaired .
According to all we heard from Moses , so we will listen to you . Surely Jehovah your God is with you , as He has been with Moses .
Does not wisdom call ? And does not understanding speak ?
And he shall bring them to the priest , who shall bring near for a sin offering first . And he shall nip off its head from its neck , but shall not divide it .
Therefore , when He heard that he is sick , then , indeed , He remained in the place where He was two days .
And Joseph answered and said , This is its interpretation : the three baskets are three days .
O My love , you are as beautiful as Tirzah , as lovely as Jerusalem , awesome as bannered armies .
And Jehu destroyed Baal out of Israel .
Aristarchus , my fellow prisoner , greets you , also Mark the cousin of Barnabas , about whom you received orders . If he comes to you , receive him .
But the Scripture locked up all under sin , that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to the ones believing .
And I took My staff Kindness and broke it apart , to break My covenant which I had cut with all the peoples .

The fierce anger of Jehovah shall not turn back until He has finished , and until He has fulfilled the intentions of His heart . In latter days you will understand it .
and to put on the new man , which according to God was created in righteousness and true holiness .
Yea , you have not brought us into a land flowing with milk and honey , nor given us inheritance in fields and vineyards ; will you put out the eyes of these men ? We will not come up !
cast in your lot among us ; one purse shall be to all of us .
And it shall be , when he lies down , you shall note the place where he lies down , and shall go in and uncover his feet , and lie down And he will tell you that which you are to do .
And it happened in the thirtieth year , in the fourth month , in the fifth of the month , as I was among the captives by the river Chebar , the heavens were opened , and I saw visions of God .
And the wild asses stood in the high places ; they snuffed up the wind like jackals ; their eyes failed because there was no grass .
And I will set over them four kinds , says Jehovah : the sword to kill , and the dogs to drag off , and the birds of the heaven and the beast of the earth to devour and destroy .
The blessing of the perishing came on me ; and I made the widow's heart to sing .
But thanks be to God for His unspeakable free gift .
And rising up from there , he went away into the borders of Tyre and Sidon . And entering into the house , He desired no one to know , but He could not be hidden .

And He said to me , Son of man , stand on your feet , and I will speak to you .
And you shall inherit the land by lot , by your families . You shall increase the inheritance to the many , and you shall diminish the inheritance to the few ; wherever the lot falls out to him , it is his . You shall inherit by the tribes of your fathers .
From the sons of Bani : Maadai , Amram , and Uel ,
And they said , Lord , behold , here are two swords . And He said to them , It is enough .

And Jehovah has cast out all the peoples , even the Amorite inhabiting the land before us . We also will serve Jehovah , for He is our God .
James , a slave of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ , to the twelve tribes in the Dispersion , greeting :
And it shall be in that day , the Lord shall again set His hand , the second time , to recover the remnant of His people that remains , from Assyria , and from Egypt , and from Pathros , and from Ethiopia , and from Persia , and from Shinar , and from Hamath , and from the coasts of the sea .
And I have surely built an exalted house for You , and a place for You to dwell forever .
According to their pasture , so they were filled . They were filled , and their heart was lifted up . On account of this they have forgotten Me .


and one goat , a sin offering ; besides the continual burnt offering , and its food offering , and its drink offering .
What is my strength that I should wait ? And what is my end that I should prolong my life ?
And Jehovah said to Satan , Jehovah rebuke you , Satan ! And , Jehovah who has chosen Jerusalem rebuke you ! Is this not a brand plucked out of the fire ?

For my loins are filled with a burning , and there is no soundness in my flesh .
If you afflict him , if he at all cries to Me , I will surely hear his cry ,
But know this , that in the last days grievous times will be upon us .
And it shall be , when you declare to this people all these words , they will say to you , Why has Jehovah pronounced all this great evil against us ? Or what is our iniquity , or what our sin that we have committed against Jehovah our God ?

she is more precious than rubies , and all the things you can desire are not to be compared with her .
And the word touched even to the king of Nineveh , and he arose from his throne , and he took his robe from him and covered himself with sackcloth and sat on the ashes .
I , Paul , wrote with my hand ; I will repay ( that I not say to you that you even owe yourself to me also ) .
And Jehu came to the gate . And she said , Was it peace to Zimri the slayer of his lord ?
And now in the sight of all Israel , the congregation of Jehovah , and in the hearing of our God , observe and seek out all the commandments of Jehovah your God that you may possess this good land , and cause your sons to inherit after you forever .
And he took all these for Him , and he divided them in the middle ; and he laid each piece against one another , but he did not divide the bird .
All the cities which you shall give to the Levites shall be forty eight cities , them and the open land around them .
Their knobs and their branches shall be of it , all of it one beaten work of pure gold .
and that He may send forth the One before proclaimed to you , Jesus Christ ,

and Meshobab ; and Jamlech ; and Joshah , the son of Amaziah ;
and their food offerings , and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , in their number , according to the ordinance ;
And in the end of days , it happened that Cain brought an offering to Jehovah from the fruit of the ground .
And with a sword he did away with James the brother of John .

However the priests of the high places did not come up to the altar of Jehovah in Jerusalem , but they ate unleavened bread among their brothers .


And all the house of Ahab shall perish . Yea , I have cut off to Ahab those who urinate against the wall , both bound and free in Israel .



I have commanded My holy ones ; I have also called My warriors for My anger , those who rejoice in My highness .
And the priest who is cleansing , and the man who is to be cleansed , shall stand with them before Jehovah , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And Tamar his daughter-in-law bore him Pharez and Zerah . All Judah's sons were five .
You are already satisfied ; you already became rich ; you reigned without us ( and oh that you really did reign , so that we also might reign with you ! )
And Moses was angry with the officers of the army , the commanders of thousands and the commanders of hundreds who came from the service of the war .
But you be clear-minded in all , suffer hardship , do the work of an evangelist , fully carry out your ministry .

The sons of Solomon's servants : The sons of Sotai , the sons of Sophereth , the sons of Peruda ,
And it shall be , he who is taken with the accursed thing shall be burned with fire , he and all that he has , because he has transgressed the covenant of Jehovah and because he has committed folly in Israel .
If one is found slain in the land which Jehovah your God is giving to you , to possess it , lying in the field , and it is not known who has struck him ;
And I took the little scroll out of the angel's hand , and devoured it . And it was sweet like honey in my mouth ; and when I ate it , my belly was made bitter .
The sons of Delaiah , the sons of Tobiah , the sons of Nekoda , six hundred and forty two ;
And the Amorites pressed the sons of Dan into the hills , for they would not allow them to come down to the valley .
Give fermented drink to one perishing , and wine to the bitter of soul ,
They were going up the ascent to the city , and found young women going out to draw water , and said to them , Is the seer in this place ?
And David called to one of the young men , and said , Draw near and fall on him . And he struck him , and he died .

And the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was pleasant to the eyes , and the tree was desirable to make one wise . And she took of its fruit and ate ; and she also gave to her husband with her , and he ate .
nothing for me ; only what the young men have eaten , and the portion of the men who went with me : Aner , Eshcol , and Mamre ; let them take their portion .
Then Judas , the one betraying Him , seeing that He was condemned , repenting , returned the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and the elders ,
There is Edom , her kings , and all her rulers , who are placed in their might with the slain of the sword . They shall lie with the uncircumcised , and with those going down to the Pit .
The baptism of John , was it from Heaven , or from men ?
And the king said , What honor and dignity was done to Mordecai for this ? And the king's young servants of his ministers said , Nothing has been done for him .
And they sent and called for him . And Jeroboam and all Israel came and spoke to Rehoboam , saying ,
And the young men of David came and spoke to Nabal according to all these words , in the name of David , and rested .
And they stood in their place according to their ordinance , according to the law of Moses the man of God . The priests were sprinkling the blood out of the hand of the Levites .
Its leaves were beautiful , and its fruit plentiful , and food for all was in it . The animals of the field sought shade under it , and the birds of the sky dwelt in its branches , and all flesh was fed from it .
Inn the third year of Asa the king of Judah , Baasha the son of Ahijah reigned over all Israel in Tirzah , twenty four years .
And Jehoiada the priest brought out the commanders of the hundreds , those over the army , and said to them , Bring her out from inside the ranks , and he coming after her shall be put to death by the sword ; for the priest said , Do not put her to death in the house of Jehovah .
Be glad in Jehovah , O righteous ones ; give thanks to the memory of His holiness .
And , behold , a great storm rose up in the sea , so that the boat was covered by the waves ; but He was sleeping .
And Enos lived ninety years and fathered Cainan .
and the slope of the torrent-beds that turn down toward the site of Ar , and lean on the border of Moab .
And He said to them , Wherever you enter into a house , remain there until you go out from there .
And no one shall enter the house of Jehovah except the priests and those ministering of the Levites ; they may go in , for they are holy ; and all the people shall keep the watch of Jehovah .
And by the border of Zebulun , from the east side to the west side Gad , one part .
And Joseph's master took him and put him into the prison house the place where the king's prisoners were bound . And he was there in the prison house .
These are the families of the Levites : the family of the Libnites ; the family of the Hebronites ; the family of the Mahlites ; the family of the Mushites ; the family of the Korathites . And Kohath fathered Amram ;
On my right hand a brood rises ; they push away my feet and raise their destructive ways against me .
we have sinned and have committed iniquity and have done evilly , and we have rebelled , even by departing from Your commandments and from Your judgments .
And He drew me up from the pit of tumult , out of the miry clay ; He set my feet on a rock ; He directed my steps .
Because Manasseh the king of Judah has done these abominations , doing more wickedly than all that the Amorites did before him , and has made Judah also to sin with his idols ,

Be not like the horse , like the mule , with no understanding ; with bit and bridle , his gear , to be held in , that they do not come near you .
And the mirage shall become a pool , and the thirsty land shall become springs of waters , in the home of jackals , in its lair , and a place for the reed and rush .
You shall break them with a rod of iron ; You shall dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel .
And He found those selling oxen and sheep and doves in the temple , and the money changers sitting .
That one had gone and reported to those who had been with Him , who were mourning and weeping .
Is this like the fast I will choose , a day for a man to afflict his soul ? To bow his head down like a bulrush , and he spreads sackcloth and ashes ? Will you call to this as a fast and a day of delight to Jehovah ?
And Jacob answered and said to Laban , Because I was afraid . For I said , Lest by force you take your daughters from me .
And say , Hear the word of Jehovah , O kings of Judah , and inhabitants of Jerusalem . So says Jehovah of hosts , the God of Israel : Behold , I will bring evil on this place by which all who hear it will have tingling ears .
the rings and nose jewels ;
For Sheol cannot thank You ; death cannot praise You ; the ones going down to the Pit cannot hope for Your truth .
And David said to Abner , Are you not a man ? And who is like you in Israel ? But why have you not watched over your lord the king ? For one of the people came in to destroy your lord the king .
Why has this people , Jerusalem , turned away to a never ending apostasy ? They hold fast to deceit . They refuse to return .
Have pity on me ! Have pity on me , you my friends . For the hand of God has touched me .
And he defiled Topheth in the valley of the sons of Hinnom , so that no man could cause his son and his daughter to pass through the fire of Molech .
He breaks me with break on top of break ; He runs on me like a warrior .
And put my cup , the cup of silver , in the mouth of the sack of the youngest , and the silver for his grain . And he did according to Joseph's word , that which he spoke .
And He said to me , My grace is sufficient for you , for My power is perfected in weakness . Therefore , I will rather gladly boast in my weaknesses , that the power of Christ may overshadow me .
In the twenty third year of Joash the son of Ahaziah , the king of Judah , Jehoahaz the son of Jehu reigned over Israel , in Samaria , seventeen years .
And it happened when had made an end of speaking all that Jehovah had commanded him to speak to all the people , the priests and the prophets and all the people seized him , saying , You shall surely die .
He was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem twenty nine years ; and the name of his mother was Abi the daughter of Zechariah .
You see , then , that a man is justified out of works , and not out of faith only .
The works of Jehovah are great , sought out by all those desiring them .

And it shall be for you to keep until the fourteenth day of this month . And all the assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it between the evenings .
Truly , truly , I say to you , when you were younger , you girded yourself , and you walked where you desired . But when you grow old , you will stretch out your hands , and another will gird you , and will carry you where you do not desire .
For Moses said , " Honor your father and your mother ; " and , " The one speaking evil of father or mother , let him expire by death . "
And the governor said to them that they should not eat of the most holy things until a priest stood up with Urim and Thummim .
And it happened , at the turn of the year , that the army of Syria came up against him ; and they came into Judah and Jerusalem and destroyed all the leaders of the people from among the people ; and they sent all their spoil to the king of Damascus .
O sons of Benjamin take refuge to flee out of the midst of Jerusalem . And blow the ram's horn in Tekoa ; and set up a signal over Beth-haccerem . For evil appears out of the north , and great destruction .
And Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , took them and led them to the king of Babylon , to Riblah .
Now , then , hear the word of Jehovah : You say , Do not prophesy against Israel , and do not drop words against the house of Isaac .
And Jehovah's anger glowed against Israel . And He made them wander in the wilderness forty years , until all the generation that had done evil in the eyes of Jehovah was destroyed .
Though I were righteous , I could not answer Him ; I seek mercy for my judgment .
But we are all as the unclean thing , and all our righteousnesses are as a menstruous cloth . And we all fade as a leaf , and like the wind our iniquities take us away .
and last of all , even as if to one born out of time , He was also seen by me .
They are vanity , the work of errors ; in the time of their punishment they shall perish .
And the sons of Israel were fruitful and increased very much , and multiplied , and became very strong ; and the land was filled with them .
And I looked , and behold , a hand was extended to me . And behold , a roll of a book was in it .
And God spoke all these words , saying :

And You testified against them to bring them again to Your Law , but they seethed , and did not listen to Your commands , but were against Your judgments ; they sinned in them , which if a man do , he shall live in them . And they gave a rebellious shoulder , and hardened their neck , and would not hear .
So says Jehovah : For three transgressions of Judah , and for four , I will not turn back from it ; for they despised the law of Jehovah , and they have not kept His statutes . And their lies after which their fathers walked led them astray .
And any man of the sons of Israel , or of the aliens who stay in your midst , who hunts game , beast or fowl , which is eaten , shall even pour out its blood and shall cover it with dust .
As he came forth from his mother's womb naked , he shall return to go as he came . And from his labor he may not carry anything that may go in his hand .
And they said to her , Surely we will go back with you to your people .
Walk in wisdom toward the ones outside , redeeming the time .
But you , draw near here , sons of the sorceress , seed of the adulterer and playing the harlot .
In the year that king Uzziah died , then I saw the Lord sitting on a throne , high and lifted up . And His train filled the temple .

And the king said to Ziba , What are these to you ? And Ziba said , The asses are for the king's household to ride on , and the bread and the summer fruit for the young men to eat ; and the wine for the wearied to drink in the wilderness .
A perverse man causes strife , and a whisperer separates close friends .
and the stork , and the heron after its kind , and the hoopoe , and the bat .
You have given a banner to those who fear You , to lift it up because of the truth . Selah .
Do not murmur against one another , brothers , that you not be condemned . Behold , the Judge stands before the door .

Do not be extremely angry , Jehovah , and do not remember iniquity forever . Behold ! look , please ; all of us are Your people .
And if a man or a woman has in them a plague in the head or in the beard ,
And do not take the word of truth completely out of my mouth ; for I have hoped in Your judgments .
Concerning Damascus : Hamath and Arpad are put to shame , for they have heard bad news , they are melted ; anxiety is in the sea , it cannot be quiet .
even those men bringing up an evil report of the land died by the plague before Jehovah .
And when she saw that she had waited , and her hope had been lost , then she took another of her cubs and made him a young lion .
What is not his shall dwell in his tent ; brimstone is scattered on his home .
And , behold , I will make them know ; this time I will cause them to know My hand and My might ; and they shall know that My name is Jehovah .
I have inherited Your testimonies forever ; for they are the rejoicing of my heart .
The eyes of Jehovah are on the righteous ; and His ears are open to their cry .
For I testify together with everyone hearing the words of the prophecy of this Book : If anyone adds to these things , God will add upon him the plagues having been written in this Book .
Behold , I will watch over them for evil , and not for good ; and all the men of Judah in the land of Egypt shall be destroyed by the sword , and by the famine , until they come to an end .
He spoke , and locusts came ; and larvae without number ;
And the sons of Javan : Elishah , and Tarshish , Kittim , and Dodanim .
Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar , or not ?
What shall we say then ? Is the law sin ? Let it not be ! But I did not know sin except through law ; for also I did not know lust except the law said , " You shall not lust . "
Hattush , Shebaniah , Malluch ,
And you shall slaughter the bullock before the face of Jehovah , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And David said to Ittai , Go on and pass over . And Ittai the Gittite passed over , and all his men , and all the little ones with him .
And He caused the king of the Chaldeans to go up against them ; and he killed their choice ones by the sword in the house of their holy place , and had no pity on the young man and the virgin , the old man and the very aged ; He gave all into his hand .
As for the congregation , there shall be one statute both for you and for the alien that lives with you , a never ending statute throughout your generations ; as you are , so shall the alien be before Jehovah .
but Jehovah who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power , and with a stretched out arm , you shall fear Him , and you shall bow yourselves to Him , and you shall sacrifice to Him ;
But the Levites , according to the tribe of their fathers , were not numbered among them .
And it happened on the next day , the people went out in the field and told Abimelech .
And leaving Nazareth , coming He lived at Capernaum , beside the sea in the districts of Zebulun and Naphtali ,
And you shall take one ruler of every tribe , to take possession of the land .

And the soldiers led Him away inside the court , which is the praetorium . And they called together all the cohort .
And it shall be in that day , I will answer , says Jehovah . I will answer the heavens , and they shall answer the earth .
the son of Geber in Ramoth-gilead ( to him were the towns of Jair , Manasseh's son , which are in Gilead ; and to him was the region of Argob , which is in Bashan , sixty great cities with walls and bronze bars ) ;
And he returned to him . And , lo , he was standing by his burnt offering , he and all the leaders of Moab .
Oh that they were cut with an iron pen and lead in the rock forever !
These were the sons of Seir the Horite living in the land : Lotan , and Shobal , and Zibeon , and Anah ,

All that touches its flesh shall be holy . And when any of its blood is sprinkled on the garment , that on which it is sprinkled shall be washed in the holy place .
And they made bells of pure gold , and they put the bells in the midst of the pomegranates , all around on the hem of the robe , all around , among the pomegranates ,
and on Kerioth , and on Bozrah , and on all the cities of the land of Moab , far and near .
Is it time for you yourselves to live in your finished houses , and this house to lie waste ?
The clouds poured out water ; the skies uttered a voice ; and Your arrows flew out .
If the stolen thing is surely found in his hand alive , from ox to ass to flock animal , he shall pay double .
Shall I not in that day even destroy the wise out of Edom and understanding out of the mount of Esau ? declares Jehovah .

And they said to me , Make for us gods who may go before us ; as for Moses , the man who caused us to go up from the land of Egypt , we do not know what has become of him .
The ants are a people not strong , yet they prepare their food in summer ;
And the woman said to the serpent , We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden ,
everyone who has prepared his heart to seek Jehovah God , the God of his fathers , yet not according to the cleansing of the sanctuary .
To lift up the face of the wicked is not good , nor to turn aside the righteous in judgment .
who testified of the Word of God and the witness of Jesus Christ , even as many things as he saw .
And after these days his wife Elizabeth conceived . And she hid herself five months , saying ,
He is Jehovah our God , His judgments are in all the earth .
Who have kept for Your servant David , my father , that which You spoke to him ; yea , You spoke with Your mouth , and with Your hand have fulfilled it as it is this day .
For evildoers shall be cut off ; and the ones waiting on Jehovah , they shall inherit the earth .
And the young men of the rulers of the provinces went out at first ; and Ben-hadad sent , and they told him , saying , Men have come out of Samaria .
And I will number you to the sword ; and you shall all bow down to the slaughter ; because I called and you did not answer . I spoke , and you did not hear ; and you did the evil in My eyes ; and you chose that in which I had no pleasure .
I know your works , and the love , and the ministry , and the faith , and your patience , and your works ; and the last more than the first .
Remember His covenant forever , the word He gave to a thousand generations ,
Surely I have purified my heart in vain ; and I have washed my hands in innocence .
Then Jesus said to them , I will ask you one thing , Is it lawful to do good on the sabbaths , or to do ill , to save a life , or to destroy it ?

Then others indeed cried out a different thing , for the assembly was confused , and the majority did not know on what account they came together .
and the two kidneys and the fat on them , beside the loins , and he shall remove the fold on the liver beside the kidneys .
And Zedekiah the king sent and took him out . And the king asked him secretly in his house , and said , Is there word from Jehovah ? And said , There is . For He said , You shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon .
And the anger of Jehovah burned against His people ; and He detested His inheritance .
And they come to you as people come , and they sit before you as My people . And they hear your words , but they do not do them . For they produce much love with their mouth , but their heart goes after their unjust gain .
And the priest shall lift up the food offering , its memorial offering , and shall burn it as incense on the altar , a fire offering , a soothing fragrance to Jehovah .
Your arrows are sharp in the heart of the King's enemies ; peoples fall under You .

thirty nursing camels with their thirty colts , forty cows and ten bulls , twenty she-asses and ten young asses .

And Solomon came to Jerusalem from the high place in Gibeon , from before the tabernacle of the congregation , and reigned over Israel .
And he shall pass through Judah . He shall overflow and go over . He shall reach to the neck ; and his wings will be stretching out , filling the breadth of your land , O Immanuel .
Then , indeed , having been sent forward by the church they passed through Phoenicia and Samaria , fully narrating the conversion of the nations . And they were producing great joy among all the brothers .
And the sons of Eliezer : Rehabiah the head . And Eliezer had no other sons , but the sons of Rehabiah were very many .
And he brought the offering of the people , and took the goat of the sin offering which is for the people , and killed it , and made it a sin offering like the first .
The pious has perished from the earth , and the upright is not among mankind . All of them lie in wait for blood ; each one hunts his brother with a net .
And he shall bring the bullock to the outside of the camp , and he shall burn it as he burned the first bullock ; it is a sin offering of the congregation .
And the leaders said to them , They shall live and be woodcutters , and drawers of water for all the congregation , as the leaders spoke to them .
The man who is tender and very delicate among you , and his eye shall be evil against his brother , and against the wife of his bosom , and against the remnant of his sons which he has left ;
And are not his sisters all with us ? From where then did this one get all these things ?
And when the dawn rose , then the angels urged Lot , saying , Rise up , take your wife and your two daughters who are found , lest you be cut off in the depravity of the city .
And My tabernacle shall be with them , and I will be their God , and they shall be My people .
And it happened as he finished speaking , behold , the king's sons came . And they lifted up their voice and wept . And also the king and all his servants wept with a very great weeping .
And David called for him , and he ate and drank before him . And he made him drunk , and he went out in the evening to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord . And he did not go down to his house .
And the rest of the acts of Jehoash which he did , and his might , and how he fought with Amaziah the king of Judah , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?
For every high priest being taken from men is appointed on behalf of men in the things respecting God , that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins ;
And so for the north side in length , hangings a hundred in length ; and its pillars twenty , and their sockets twenty in bronze ; the hooks of the pillars and their bands of silver .
You have gone up on high ; You have led captivity captive ; You have received gifts among men ; yea , to dwell among the rebellious , O Jehovah God .
and took the fat , and the fat tail , and all the fat on the inward parts , and the fold above the liver , and the two kidneys , and their fat , and the right leg .
And you shall not give your semen to the your neighbor's wife by lying with her , for uncleanness with her .
all flocks and oxen , and also the animals of the field ,
And David said , Will the masters of Keilah shut me and my men up into Saul's hand ? And Jehovah said , They will shut you up .
And seeing this , Zacharias was troubled , and fear fell on him .
and the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak ; and the Sepharvites burned their sons with fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech the gods of Sepharvaim .
For this reason I did not count myself worthy to come to You . But say in a word , and let my servant be cured .
And again He says , " Rejoice , nations , with His people . "

which are a shadow of coming things , but the body is of Christ .
But the men put out their hands and pulled Lot to them , into the house , and shut the door .
Why do You show me evil , and You look upon toil ? For destruction and violence are before me ; and there is strife , and contention rises up .

But answering , He said to them , Evening coming on , you say , Clear sky , for the sky is red .
And seeing the argument of their heart , taking a child , Jesus stood it beside Himself ,
So says Jehovah , the God of Israel : Behold , I will turn back the weapons of war in your hand , with which you fight against the king of Babylon , and against the Chaldeans who besiege you outside the wall . And I will gather them together in the middle of the city .
And the men took this present , and they took double silver in their hand , and Benjamin . And they rose up and went down to Egypt and stood before Joseph .
And the Angel of Jehovah said to Manoah , If you keep Me , I will not eat of your bread . And if you prepare a burnt offering , you shall offer it to Jehovah . For Manoah did not know that He was the Angel of Jehovah .
And Gad the prophet said to David , You shall not remain in the stronghold . Go , and you come into the land of Judah . And David left and came into the forest of Hareth .
How the beasts groan ! The herds of livestock are vexed , for there is no pasture for them . Even the flocks of sheep are perishing .
At that time Jehovah said to me , Cut out for yourself two tablets of stone like the first , and come up to Me , into the mountain , and you shall make for yourself an ark of wood ;
and said , O Jehovah , God of Israel , there is no God like You in the heavens and in the earth , keeping covenant and mercy with Your servants , who walk before You with all their hearts ;
Blessed is the man who does this , and the son of man who lays hold on it ; keeping sabbath , from defiling it ; and keeping his hand from doing every evil .
And after him Jair , a Gileadite , rose up . And he judged Israel twenty two years .
And inside the Holy of Holies he made two cherubs of the olive tree ; their height was ten cubits .

For the multitude of the people followed , crying out , Take him away !
And Jacob separated the lambs , and he set the faces of the flock toward the striped , and every black one in the flocks of Laban . And he put his own droves by themselves , and did not put them with the flock of Laban .
" The Spirit of the Lord is upon Me . Because of this He anointed Me to preach the gospel to the poor ; He has sent Me " to heal the brokenhearted , " to preach remission to captives and new sight to the blind , " to send away the ones having been crushed in deliverance ,
And the Pharisees said to Him , Behold , why do they do that which is not lawful on the sabbaths ?
And they sacrificed to Jehovah on that day , from the plunder they had brought in , seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep .
And Joseph caused his father and his brothers to live , and gave them a place in the land of Egypt , in the best of the land , in the land of Rameses , as Pharaoh commanded .
Then hear the parable of the sower :
As my hand has found the kingdoms of the idols ( for their carved images excelled Jerusalem's and Samaria's ) ;
And a man shall be a hiding place from the wind , a shelter from the tempest , as streams of water in a dry place ; like the shadow of a great rock in a weary land .
and were continually in the temple , praising and blessing God . Amen .
And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a great voice : Who is worthy to open the scroll , and to loosen its seals ?
Argument only comes by pride , but wisdom is with those who take advice .
And the families of Kirjath-jearim were the Ithrites , and the Puhites , and the Shumathites , and the Mishraites . From them came the Zareathites , and the Eshtaulites .
For even when we were with you , we said to you before that we are about to be afflicted , as it also happened , even you know .
You shall not turn to those having familiar spirits ; and you shall not seek to spiritists to be defiled by them ; I am Jehovah your God .
I have kept my feet from every evil way , to keep Your word .
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai .
Who can say , I have made my heart clean , I am pure from my sin ?
Why then did You bring me from the womb ? I would have died , and no eye seen me .
before He had made the earth and the fields , or the highest part of the dust of the world .
Why does your heart carry you away ? And why do your eyes flash ,
If a man is found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man that lay with the woman , and the woman . And you shall put away the evil from Israel .
Because of this , I speak to them in parables , because seeing they do not see , and hearing they do not hear , nor do they understand .
And Joshua defeated Amalek and his people by the mouth of the sword .
and it happened , they were burying a man ; and , behold , they saw the band , and threw the man into the grave of Elisha . And the man fell and touched the bones of Elisha , and came alive , and rose on his feet .
And David said , Because of this I am in great distress . Let us fall now into the hand of Jehovah , for many are His mercies ; and do not let me fall into the hand of man .
For the rest , brothers , whatever is true , whatever honorable , whatever is right , whatever pure , whatever lovely , whatever of good report , if of any virtue , and if of any praise , think on these things .
I , Daniel , was distressed in my spirit amidst its sheath , and the visions of my head troubled me .
then the priest shall come in and look ; and , behold , if the plague has spread in the house , it is a corroding leprosy in the house ; it is unclean .
Non , his son ; Jehoshua , his son .
And He said to them , I saw Satan falling out of Heaven as lightning !

For your sin shall not lord it over you , for you are not under law , but under grace .
And they were astonished at His doctrine , because His word was with authority .
if they profane My statutes and do not keep My commandments ;
Solomon had made a bronze scaffold , and put it in the middle of the court , five cubits long , and five cubits broad , and three cubits high ; and he stood on it , and knelt on his knees before all the congregation of Israel , and spread out his hands toward Heaven .
But in the way Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses , so also these withstand the truth , men having been corrupted in mind , found worthless as to the faith .
For each tree is known from its own fruit . For they do not gather figs from thorns , nor do they gather grapes from a bramble bush .
In their setting of their threshold by My threshold , and their door post beside My door post , and the wall between Me and them , even they have defiled My holy name by their abominations that they have done . And I consumed them in My anger .
The simple one , turn in here ; and to one lacking heart , she says to him :

And David struck the land , and did not keep alive man , or woman , and took sheep , and oxen , and asses , and camels , and clothing , and turned back and came to Achish .
I will reveal your righteousness and your works , and they will not benefit you .
and also the innocent blood that he shed ; for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood , and Jehovah was not willing to forgive .
And Joab the son of Zeruiah , and David's servants went out . And they met by the pool of Gibeon , and sat down , these by the pool on this side , and those by the pool on that side .
But the ones belonging to Christ crucified the flesh with its passions and lusts .
Surely the child of your house and the purchase of your money must be circumcised . And My covenant shall be in your flesh for a perpetual covenant .
And it happened as they were sitting at the table , and a word of Jehovah came to the prophet who brought him back ;
he shall not search whether it is good or bad , nor shall he change it . And if he at all changes it , then it shall be that it and its substitute shall be holy ; it shall not be redeemed .
I beg you , do not let my lord set his heart toward this man of worthlessness , on Nabal . For as his name is , so is he . Nabal is his name , and foolishness is with him . And I , your handmaid , did not see the young men of my lord whom you sent .

And I , I shall set My face against that man , and shall cut him off from the midst of his people , for he has given of his seed to Molech , so as to defile My sanctuary , and to pollute My holy name .

And I will make the counsel of Judah and Jerusalem come to nothing in this place . And I will cause them to fall by the sword before their enemies , and by the hand of those who seek their life . And I will give their dead bodies for food to the birds of the heavens , and for the animals of the earth .
And they pulled up stakes . And the terror of God was on the cities all around them , and they did not pursue the sons of Jacob .
Send one of you and let him bring your brother ; and you be bound , and let your words be proven , whether truth is with you . And if not , as Pharaoh lives , so you are spies .
who lays beams in the waters of His upper rooms ; setting thick clouds as His chariots ; walking on the wings of the wind .


I have not spoken in secret , in a dark place of the earth . I did not say to Jacob's seed , Seek Me in vain . I Jehovah speak righteousness , declaring right things .
but I have known you , that you do not have the love of God in yourselves .
And David held back his men by words , and did not allow them to rise up against Saul . And Saul rose up from the cave , and went in the way .
But we were hoping that He is the One going to redeem Israel . But then with all these things , this third day comes today since these things happened .


Lo , Jehovah empties the land and makes it bare , and distorts its face , and scatters its inhabitants .
And at the second time , Joseph was made known to his brothers , and Joseph's race became known to Pharaoh .
But put out Your hand now , and touch against all that is his , and see if he will not then curse You to Your face .
And the cities for the tribe of the sons of Benjamin , by their families , were Jericho , Beth-hoglah , and the valley of Keziz ,
And the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah , saying , So says Jehovah , God of Israel , Because you have prayed to Me against Sennacherib the king of Assyria ,

Are all apostles ? All prophets ? All teachers ? All workers of power ?
This is the law of jealousies when a wife turns aside under her husband , and has been defiled ;
And he shall lay his hand on the head of his offering and slaughter it at the opening of the tabernacle of the congregation . And the sons of Aaron , the priests , shall sprinkle the blood on the altar all around .
Men of heart will say to me , and a wise man who hears me will say ,
Then the Hebrews who were for the Philistines before , who had gone with them to the camp all around , even they turned to be with Israel , with Saul and Jonathan .
This is the law of the Nazarite who vows his offering to Jehovah for his separation , besides that which his hand may get . According to his vow which he vows , so he shall do by the law of his separation .
in order to spoil a spoil , and to steal a prize , to turn your hand on the inhabited waste places , and on the people gathered out of the nations , who have gotten livestock and goods , who dwell in the center of the earth .
When He gives His voice , a multitude of waters is in the heavens , and He causes the mists to ascend from the end of the earth . He makes lightnings for rain , and brings forth the wind out of His treasuries .
We have heard the rumor of it . Our hands have dropped down ; anguish has seized us , pain like a travailing woman .
And Ahimaaz called and said to the king , Peace ! And he bowed on his face to the earth to the king and said , Blessed be Jehovah your God who has shut up the men who lifted up their hand against my lord the king .
Again , do you think we are defending to you ? We speak before God in Christ , but in all things for your building up , beloved .
Make me walk in the way of Your commands , for in it I delight .
And Jeroboam made a feast in the eighth month , in the fifteenth day of the month , like the feast that is in Judah ; and he offered on the altar , so he did in Bethel , to sacrifice to the calves which he made ; and he made stand in Bethel the priests of the high places that he made .
And if any unclean animal , or one which they may not bring as an offering to Jehovah , then he shall make stand the animal before the priest .
After him the levites , Rehum the son of Bani repaired . On his hand Hashabiah the ruler of the half part of Keilah repaired in his part .
And they went around , ten young men bearing Joab's weapons , and struck Absalom , and killed him .
when I went out to the gate by the city ; when I prepared my seat in the street .
And I went to Euphrates and dug , and I took the band from the place , there where I had hidden it . And behold , the band was rotted ! It was not useful for anything .
Rejoice with rejoicing ones , and weep with weeping ones ;

and I will hope without ceasing , and I will add more on all Your praise .
For he is sent into a net by his own feet ; and he is walking on a snare ;

And he who was armed went before the priests blowing the ram's horns . And the rear guard after the ark , going on and blowing with the trumpets .
Then purge out the old leaven so that you may be a new lump , even as you are unleavened . For also Christ our Passover was sacrificed for us .
Jesus said to him , I am the Way , and the Truth , and the Life . No one comes to the Father except through Me .
coming up to Pilate , this one asked for the body of Jesus . Then Pilate commanded the body to be given .
And He buried him in a valley in the land of Moab , opposite Beth-peor ; and no man knows his grave to this day .
Give thanks to Jehovah , for He is good ; for His mercy endures forever .

then You shall hear from Heaven , and shall forgive the sin of Your servants , and of Your people Israel , because You have taught them the good way in which they should walk , and have given rain on Your land that You have given to Your people for an inheritance .
The roads of Zion are in mourning without any going to the appointed feasts . All her gates are deserted ; her priests sigh , her virgins are afflicted ; and she is in bitterness .
So says Jehovah , You shall not be goaded to the way of the nations ; and do not be terrified at the signs of the heavens ; for the nations were terrified at them .
And there was a young man of Bethlehem in Judah , of the family of Judah ; and he was a Levite . And he resided there .
And they answered Joshua , saying , We will do all that you command us ; and we will go everywhere you shall send us .
And again going out from the borders of Tyre and Sidon , He came to the Sea of Galilee , in the midst of the borders of Decapolis .
And I have filled him with the spirit of God in wisdom , and in intelligence , and in knowledge , and in all workmanship ,
And I said to You , do not be terrified ; nor be afraid of them ;
Go forth , O daughters of Zion , and see king Solomon with the crown with which his mother crowned him on his wedding day , even on the day of the gladness of his heart .

and placed the whole on the hands of Aaron , and on the hands of his sons , and waved them , a wave offering before Jehovah .
And he believed in Jehovah . And He counted it to him for righteousness .
saying , The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men , and to be crucified , and the third day to rise again .
And they sent away their sister Rebekah , and her nurse , and Abraham's slave and his men .
But the Jews excited the devout and honorable women , and the chief ones of the city , and raised up a persecution against Paul and Barnabas , and threw them out from their borders .
And many people shall go and say , Come and let us go up to the mount of Jehovah , to the house of the God of Jacob . And He will teach from His ways , and we will walk in His paths . For out of Zion the law will go forth , and the word of Jehovah from Jerusalem .
And again , in the house His disciples asked Him about the same .
And , behold , the servants of David and Joab came from pursuing a troop . And they brought much plunder with them . And Abner was not with David in Hebron , for he had sent him away ; and he had gone in peace .
One slow to anger is better than the mighty , and he who rules his spirit than he who takes a city .
And it shall be that of every soul , whoever should not hear that Prophet shall be utterly destroyed from among the people .
There where the spirit was to go , there they went ; there their spirit was to go , and the wheels were lifted up along with them . For the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels .
and having been clothed in a garment which had been dipped in blood . And His name is called The Word of God .
We announce to you what we have seen , and what we have heard , that you also may have fellowship with us . And truly our fellowship is with the Father and with His Son , Jesus Christ .
And David and all Israel were playing before God with all their might , and with songs , and with lyres , and with harps , and with timbrels , and with cymbals , and with trumpets .
And in mercy the throne shall be founded ; and he shall sit on it in truth in the tabernacle of David , judging and seeking justice , and swift in righteousness .
And when a visitor shall stay with you , and will do the Passover to Jehovah , let every male to him be circumcised , and then he may come near to prepare it . And he shall be like a native of the land . But any uncircumcised one may not eat of it .
Take heed for yourself what I am commanding you today . Behold , I am about to drive out from before your face the Amorite , and the Canaanite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , and the Hivite , and the Jebusite .
Let the priests , ministers of Jehovah , weep between the porch and the altar ; and let them say , Have pity on Your people , O Jehovah , and do not give Your inheritance to shame , for a proverb among those of the nations . Why should they say among the peoples , Where is their God ?
And they called Barnabas , Zeus , and Paul , Hermes , because he was the leader in speaking .
Uthai , the son of Ammihud , the son of Omri , the son of Imri , the son of Bani , the sons of Pharez , the son of Judah .
And the watchman spoke , saying , He came to them , and he has not returned . And the driving is like the driving of Jehu the son of Nimshi , for he drives madly .
And answering , Jesus said to them , Have faith of God .
And they took strong cities and a rich land , and occupied houses full of all goods , wells already dug , vineyards and oliveyards and fruit trees in abundance . And they ate , and were filled , and became fat , and lived luxuriously in Your great goodness .
and the incense altar and its poles , and the oil of anointing , and the incense of perfumes , and the screen of the door , at the door of the tabernacle ;
And came , and all the people of war with him , against them by the waters of Merom . And they suddenly fell on them .
Let my prayer come before You ; deliver me according to Your word .
And he did the right in the eyes of Jehovah , and walked in the ways of his father David , and did not turn aside to the right or to the left .
And Moses did as Jehovah commanded him . And he took Joshua and made him stand before Eleazar the priest , and before all the congregation .

and our hope for you is certain , knowing that even as you are sharers of the sufferings , so also of the comfort .
For You cast me into the deep , into the heart of the seas , and the current surrounded me ; all Your breakers and Your waves passed over me .
do not boast against the branches . But if you do boast , it is not you that bears the root , but the root bears you .

And the men of Beth-shemesh said , Who is able to stand before Jehovah , this holy God ? And to whom shall He go up from us ?
And when the prince prepares as free offering , a burnt offering , or peace offerings as a free offering to Jehovah , then one shall open to him the gate facing east . And he shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings as he does on the sabbath day . And he shall leave , and the gate is shut after he leaves .
David did not keep alive man or woman to bring news to Gath , saying , Lest they speak against us , saying , So David has done ; And so has been his custom all the days that he has lived in the fields of the Philistines .
Or what shall a man give as an exchange for his soul ?

As I live , says Jehovah , though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim , king of Judah were the signet on My right hand , yet I would tear you out of there !
I am forgotten like one dead from the heart ; I am like a perishing vessel .

You are passing over the border of Moab today , to Ar ,
The mountains will lift up peace to the people ; and the little hills through righteousness .
He who is first in his cause seems just , but his neighbor comes and searches him .
And Moses gave to the tribe of the sons of Reuben , for their families ;

O Timothy , guard the Deposit , having turned away from the profane empty babblings and opposing theories of the falsely named knowledge ,
And Jehovah said to Moses , Say to Aaron , Stretch out your staff and strike the dust of the earth , and let it become lice in all the land of Egypt .
And you shall make the poles of acacia wood , and you shall overlay them with gold . And the table shall be carried by them .

And all the work of Solomon was prepared to the day of the foundation of the house of Jehovah , and until its completion . The house of Jehovah was finished .
And going , those having been sent found as He told them .

And all the Judean country and those of Jerusalem went out to him , and were all baptized by him in the Jordan River , confessing their sins .
Take fast hold of instruction , do not let her go ; keep her , for she is your life .
And the border went out at the sea to Michmethah on the north ; and the border went around eastward to Taanath-shiloh , and passed by it eastward to Janohah ;

If she is bad in the eyes of her master who has appointed her for himself , he shall allow her redemption . He shall not have power to sell her to a strange people , in his deceiving her .
The Lord Jehovah has given to Me the tongue of taught ones , to know to help the weary with a word . He arouses in the morning ; He wakens the ear to Me , to hear as the learned .
But standing , Zaccheus said to the Lord , Behold , Lord , half of my possessions I give to the poor . And if in anything I accused anyone falsely , I restore it fourfold .


Be pleased to deliver me , O Jehovah ; hasten to my help .
passing through the street near her corner ; and he went the way to her house ,
When I say to the wicked , O wicked one , surely you shall die ! And you do not speak to warn the wicked one from his way , that wicked one shall die in his iniquity , but I will require his blood from your hand .
And David rose up and fled from the face of Saul on that day , and he came to Achish the king of Gath .

Come , let us take our fill of love until the morning , let us delight ourselves with caresses .
Who can express the mighty deeds of Jehovah , or cause all His praise to be heard ?
And the people of the land killed all those who conspired against king Amon , and the people of the land made his son Josiah king in his place .
He shall go to the generation of his fathers ; they shall not see light forever .
and on Dibon , and on Nebo , and on Beth-diblathaim ,
And they went out to see the thing happening , and came to Jesus . And they found the man from whom the demons had gone out , sitting at the feet of Jesus , clothed and of sound mind . And they were afraid .
And king Solomon built a navy in Ezion-geber , which is beside Eloth , on the lip of the Sea of Reeds , in the land of Edom .
And she had a sister being called Mary , who also was sitting alongside , at the feet of Jesus , and heard His word .
What do you desire ? Shall I come to you with a rod , or in love and a spirit of meekness ?
Because of this also the crowd met Him , because it heard of this miracle He had done .
And out of the tribe of Benjamin , Gibeon and its open lands , Geba and its open lands ,
And blessed him , and he gave Hebron to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for an inheritance .

And some went and told David about the men ; and he sent to meet them , for the men were greatly humiliated . And the king said , Remain in Jericho until your beard has grown , then return .
The wilderness and dry land shall rejoice for them ; and the desert shall exult and bloom like the crocus .
If there is a messenger for him , a mediator , one among a thousand , to declare for man his uprightness ,
And God remembered Rachel ; and God listened to her and opened her womb .
to do whatever Your hand and Your counsel before-determined to be done .
whether Paul , or Apollos , or Cephas , or the world , or life , or death , or things present , or things to come ; all are yours ,

And behold ! You will conceive in your womb and bear a Son , and you will call His name Jesus .
Take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you and your brother Aaron . And speak to the rock before their eyes . And it shall give forth its water ; and you shall bring water out of the rock to them ; so you shall water the congregation and their animals .
in order to drive out nations greater and mightier than you from before you , to bring you in , to give their land for an inheritance , as it is this day ;
And the priest shall take the lamb of the guilt offering , and the log of oil , and the priest shall wave them as a wave offering before Jehovah ;
And it happened when I , Daniel , had seen the vision , then I sought the meaning . And , behold , the form of a man stood before me .
After these things , when king Ahasuerus wrath had calmed down , he remembered Vashti , and what she had done , and what he had decreed against her .
At that time Herod the tetrarch heard the fame of Jesus .
Who of you reproves Me concerning sin ? But if I speak truth , why do you not believe Me ?

For all the day long I was touched ; and my chastening is at the mornings .
So says all the company of Jehovah , What is this treachery with which the God of Israel was betrayed , to turn back today from after Jehovah , in that you built for yourself an altar so that you might rebel today against Jehovah ?
And these were the rulers he had : Azariah the son of Zadok was the priest .
The one who is not with Me is against Me , and the one who does not gather with Me scatters .

And Gehazi ran after Naaman . And Naaman saw one running after him , and got down from the chariot to meet him , and said , Peace ?

These are murmurers , complainers , having gone according to their lusts , and their mouth speaks proud things , admiring faces for the sake of gain .
And out of the tribe of Dan , Eltekeh and its open lands , Gibbethon and its open lands ,
that he may give to me the cave of Machpelah which he has , which is in the edge of his field . In full silver let him give it to me among you , for a possession of a burying place .
For You have set signs and wonders in the land of Egypt until this day , and in Israel , and among men ; and You have made a name for Yourself , as at this day .
And his first son was Abdon , and Zur , and Kish , and Baal , and Nadab ,
So says the king , Do not let Hezekiah delude you , for he is not able to deliver you out of his hand ;
And Isaac spoke to his father Abraham and said , My father . And he said , Behold me . And he said , Behold , the fire and the wood ! But where is the lamb for a burnt offering ?
Then watch that the thing spoken in the Prophets may not come on you :
Stolen waters are sweet , and bread eaten in secret is pleasant .
And every man of Israel was gathered to the city , knit together as one man .
And David said , Is there yet any left to the house of Saul , that I may show him kindness because of Jonathan ?
For no one of us lives to himself and no one dies to himself .
So I spoke to the people in the morning . And my wife died in the evening . And I did in the morning as I was commanded .
But they also did not listen to their judges , but went whoring after other gods , and bowed themselves to them . They quickly turned aside out of the way in which their fathers walked to obey the commands of Jehovah . They did not do so .

And they seized the king and brought him to the king of Babylon , to Riblah ; and they gave judgment on him .
I know , O Jehovah , Your judgments are right ; and in fidelity You afflicted me .
This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river Chebar , and I knew that they were cherubs .
He covers His hands with the lightning , and commands it to strike the mark ;
And when the foreigners saw the beast hanging from his hand , they said to one another , By all means this man is a murderer , whom being saved out of the sea , Justice did not permit to live .

And may the God of patience and encouragement give to you to mind the same thing among one another according to Christ Jesus ,
My servant Moses is dead . And now rise up , cross over this Jordan , you and all this people , to the land which I am giving to them , to the sons of Israel .
And he called his young man who attended him , and said , Now put this one out from me , and bolt the door after her .
If I speak , my pain is not held back ; and though I forbear , what ease do I get ?
His roots are wrapped around a heap ; he sees a house of stones .

In whose hand is the soul of every living thing , and the breath of all flesh , even of man ?
For Jehovah is our judge ; Jehovah is our lawgiver ; Jehovah is our king ; He will save us .
And Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots , and twelve thousand horsemen . And he put them in the chariot cities , and with the king in Jerusalem .
And a covering of bronze was on his legs , and a javelin of bronze between his shoulders .
What is it to you that you use this proverb concerning the land of Israel , saying , The fathers have eaten sour grapes and the teeth of the sons are dull ?
And having come on the place , He said to them , Pray you will not enter into temptation .
And in Gibeon lived the father of Gibeon , Jeiel . And his wife's name was Maachah ;
And they made on the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue , and purple , and crimson , bleached , twined linen .
And He has filled him with the spirit of God , in wisdom , in intelligence , and in knowledge , and in all workmanship ,
Speak to Rehoboam the son of Solomon the king of Judah , and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin , saying ,
men , women , and children , and the king's daughters , and every person that Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , had left with Shaphan . Also they took the prophet , and Baruch , the son of Neriah .

And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving , and recount His works with rejoicing .
I am able to do nothing from Myself ; just as I hear , I judge ; and My judgment is just , for I do not seek My will , but the will of the One sending Me , the Father .
I laid down , and slept . I awoke , for Jehovah kept me .

fulfill my joy , that you think the same , having the same love , one in soul , minding the one thing ,
And the whole earth was of one lip and of one speech
And David put garrisons in Syria of Damascus . And the Syrians became servants to David , bearers of tribute . And Jehovah helped David in all places in which he went .
You shall laugh at violence and at famine ; and you shall not be afraid of the beasts of the earth .
and it shall be , the first-born which she bears shall rise up for his dead brother's name , and his name shall not be wiped out of Israel .
And the angel said to him , Gird yourself , and bind on your sandals . And he did so . And he said to him , Throw around your garment and follow me .
Then these indeed sent out by the Holy Spirit went down to Seleucia , and from there sailed away to Cyprus .
The sons of Arah , seven hundred and seventy five .
Because of this , take up all of the armor of God that you may be able to resist in the evil day , and having worked out all things , to stand .
And the one who did not set his heart on the word of Jehovah left his slaves and his livestock in the field .
And many of the Jews had come to those around Martha and Mary , that they might console them concerning their brother .
You shall eat no leavened bread with it . You shall eat unleavened bread with it seven days , even the bread of affliction . For you came out of the land of Egypt in haste , so that you may remember the day that you came out of the land of Egypt all the days of your life .
Shall horses run on the rock ? Or will one plow there with oxen ? For you have turned justice into poison , and the fruit of righteousness into wormwood ,
I hate them with a perfect hatred ; they have become my enemies .
And the desolated land shall be cultivated , rather than being a ruin in the eyes of all passing by .
And there was hail , and fire flashing in the midst of the hail , very heavy , which never had been in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation .

And the sons of Israel killed Balaam the son of Beor , the diviner , with the sword , among their slain .
In the same way , the one with the two also did ; he also gained another two .
And those by the roadside are those who hear , then the Devil comes and takes away the Word from their heart , lest believing they may be saved .
But I have stripped Esau , I have uncovered his secret places , and he shall not be able to hide himself . His seed is ravaged , also his brothers and his neighbors , and he is not .
and see if it indeed makes fruit . But if not , in the future you may cut it down .
being able to feel in due measure for those not knowing and having been led astray , since he also is circled about with weakness .
And Mizraim fathered Ludim , and Anamim , and Lehabim , and Naphtuhim ,
And they pulled up from Mount Hor by the way to the Sea of Reeds , to go around the land of Edom . And the soul of the people became impatient because of the way .
And Abram lived in the land of Canaan , and Lot lived in the cities of the circuit , and tented as far as Sodom .
and ten bases , and ten basins on the bases ;
And the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah .
And David was the son of an Ephrathite of Bethlehem-Judah named Jesse . And to him were eight sons . And the man was old among men in the days of Saul .
And going , those reported to the rest . Neither did they believe those .
the sons of Asnah , the sons of Mehunim , the sons of Nephusim ,
Then when the Lord knew that the Pharisees heard that Jesus made more disciples and baptized more than John
It is reported among the nations , and Gashmu says , you and the Jews are thinking of rebelling ; for which reason you are building the wall , so that you may be a king to them , according to these words .
And set two men , sons of worthlessness , across from him ; and they shall testify of him , saying , You have cursed God and the king . And they shall bring him out and stone him ; and he shall die .
O satisfy us in the morning with Your mercy , and we will be glad and rejoice all our days .
And he said , Bring to me and let me eat of my son's game , so that my soul may bless you . And he came near to him ; and he took and he ate . And he came to him , and he drank wine .
But the greater of you shall be your servant .
And it shall be , in the tribe in which the alien resides , there you shall give his inheritance , declares the Lord Jehovah .
O women who are at ease , rise up . Hear my voice ; confident daughters , listen to my word .

and the two kidneys , and the fat on them , on the loins , and the fold on the liver , beside the kidneys , he shall remove .
twelve golden pans full of incense , ten to this and ten to that pan , according to the sanctuary shekel ; all the gold of the pans was a hundred and twenty .
and the hearer hears the sound of the ram's horn and takes no warning , and the sword comes and takes him ; his blood shall be on his own head .
And at a feast , he released to them one prisoner , whomever they asked .
And she called to her husband , and said , Please send to me one of the young men , and one of the asses , and I shall run to the man of God , and return .
And the priest shall cause the woman to stand before Jehovah , and shall uncover the woman's head , and shall give into her hand the food offering of memorial ; it is a food offering of jealousy ; and in the priest's hand shall be the bitter waters which cause the curse .
Yet they shall be ministers in My sanctuary , overseers at the gates of the house , and ministering in the house . They shall slaughter the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people , and they shall stand before them , to minister to them .
And now , let not my blood fall to the earth before the face of Jehovah , for the king of Israel has come out to seek a flea , as one hunts the partridge in the mountains .
from a son of twenty years and upward , all that are able to go forth to war in Israel . You and Aaron shall number them by their armies .
Nethaneel the fourth , and Raddai the fifth ,
The sons of Bigvai were two thousand and sixty seven .

And Moses told these words to all the sons of Israel ; and the people mourned deeply .
who is the image of the invisible God , the First-born of all creation .
And they said , What shall be the guilt offering which we shall send back to Him ? And they said , The number of the rulers of the Philistines , five golden hemorrhoids , and five golden mice . For one plague has been on all of you , and on your rulers .
And he overlaid it with pure gold , its top and its sides and its horns all around . And he made for it a wreath of gold all around .
If a man receives circumcision on a sabbath , that the Law of Moses is not broken , are you angry with Me because I made a man entirely sound on a sabbath ?
I stood between Jehovah and you at that time to declare to you the word of Jehovah ; for you were afraid from the face of the fire , and you did not go up into the mountain , when He spoke , saying :
I planted , Apollos watered , but God made to grow .
But Jehovah is my tower of defense ; and my God is the rock of my refuge .
Abraham fathered Isaac , and Isaac fathered Jacob , and Jacob fathered Judah and his brothers .
These were those numbered of the families of Gershon , everyone who is serving in the tabernacle of the congregation , whom Moses and Aaron numbered at the mouth of Jehovah .
And Jehovah called to Samuel . And he said , Behold , I am here .
And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the burial place of his father Joash , in Ophrah of the Abiezrites .
But at once prepare lodging for me ; for I hope that through your prayers I shall be given to you .
Rise up , Go down to meet Ahab the king of Israel , who is in Samaria . Behold , he is in the vineyard of Naboth , where he has gone down to possess it .
And now , so says Jehovah of hosts : Set your heart on your ways !
All flesh , be silent before Jehovah . For He is raised up out of His holy habitation .
Proclaim this among the nations : Sanctify a war ; awaken the mighty men ; let all the men of war draw near ; let them come up .
And king Solomon sent and brought Hiram out of Tyre .
Until when the day blows , and the shadows flee away , I myself will go to the mountain of myrrh , and to the hills of frankincense .
For whoever is ashamed of Me and My words , the Son of man will be ashamed of that one when He comes in His glory , and that of the Father , and of the holy angels .
And the sons of Israel said to them , Would that we had died by the hand of Jehovah in the land of Egypt , in our sitting by the fleshpots , in our eating bread to satisfaction . For you have brought us out into this wilderness to kill all this assembly with hunger .
After these things Jesus and His disciples came into the land of Judea . And He continued there with them and baptized .
But if anyone does not obey our word through the letter , mark that one , and do not associate with him , that he be shamed .
And after he fathered Noah , Lamech lived five hundred and ninety five years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
so that you may remember and be ashamed . And you will not any more open your mouth , because of your humiliation , when I am propitiated for you for all that you have done , declared the Lord Jehovah .
and Mishma , and Dumah , and Massa ,
And God called the expanse , Heavens . And there was evening , and there was morning the second day .
And Jesus said , Who was touching Me ? And all having denied , Peter and those with Him said , Master , the crowds press on You and jostle . And do You say , Who was touching Me ?
And answering to them He said , Whose ass or ox of yours shall fall into a pit , and he will not at once pull it up on the sabbath day ?
And God placed some in the church : firstly apostles ; secondly , prophets ; thirdly , teachers ; then works of power ; then gifts of healing , helps , governings , kinds of languages .
He sent from on high , He took me ; He drew me out of many waters ;
a nation fierce of face , who will not regard the person of the aged , nor show favor to the young .
And it was considerable days that he remained in Joppa with one Simon , a tanner .
We boast in God all the day long ; and we praise Your name forever . Selah .
And you shall make curtains of goats' hair for a tent over the tabernacle ; you shall make eleven curtains .
And if he who discharges spits on a clean one , then he shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
For they gave it to those doing the work , and they made strong the house of Jehovah with it .
Yet you say , Why ? Does not the son bear the iniquity of the father ? When the son has done justice and righteousness , he has kept all My statutes and has done them , surely he shall live .
And the king made a great throne of ivory and overlaid it with pure gold ;
O Jehovah , do not grant the desires of the wicked ; do not promote his plan , lest they be exalted . Selah .
And the priest shall atone for all the congregation of the sons of Israel ; and it shall be forgiven them . For it was in error , and they have brought their offering , a fire offering to Jehovah , and their sin offering before Jehovah for their error .

then they would have swallowed us alive , when their anger glowed against us .
And and all Israel saw that the ambush had captured the city , and that the smoke of the city had gone up . And they turned back and struck the men of Ai .
And Moses consented to live with the man ; and he gave his daughter Zipporah to Moses .
For we do not overstretch ourselves as if not reaching to you , for we also came to you in the gospel of Christ ,
In that day there shall be on the bells of the horses , HOLY TO JEHOVAH . And the pots in the house of Jehovah shall be like the bowls before the altar .

if , indeed , you heard of the stewardship of the grace of God given to me for you ,
The fear of Jehovah prolongs days , but the years of the wicked shall be cut short .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
Speak to the sons of Israel and say to them , When you pass over the Jordan into the land of Canaan ,
They said to him , Because no one has hired us . He said to them , You also go into the vineyard , and you will receive whatever is just .

so that their heart may melt and many stumble at all their gates . I have given the threatening sword . Ah ! It is made like lightning , it is wrapped for a slaughter .
the king of Taanach , one ; the king of Megiddo , one ;
Shall we then listen to you , to do this great evil , to sin against our God in living with foreign women ?
or to governors , as through Him having indeed been sent for vengeance on evildoers , but praise on well doers ,

You shall rise up in the face of gray hair ; and you shall honor the face of an old man ; and be afraid of your God . I am Jehovah .
But he was not willing to listen to her voice . And he was stronger than she , and humbled her , and lay with her .
And when He entered into a house from the crowd , His disciples questioned Him about the parable .
And Jehovah said to me , The apostate Israel has justified herself more than treacherous Judah .
And the servants of Achish said to him , Is this not David the king of the land ? Is it not of this one they sang in dances , saying , Saul killed his thousands , and David his myriads ?
And the girdle was of twined bleached linen , and blue , and purple , and crimson , the work of an embroiderer , even as Jehovah commanded Moses .
And Saul said , God do so and more also , for you shall surely die , Jonathan .
The word that came to from Jehovah , saying ,
Because of this Moses has given you circumcision ; ( not that it is of Moses , but of the fathers ) ; and on a sabbath , you circumcise a man .
and He humbled their heart by toil ; they stumbled , and none were helping ;
And Enoch lived sixty five years and fathered Methuselah .
Indeed , I tell you truly , He that believes in Me , the works which I do , that one shall do also , and greater than these he will do , because I go to My Father .
Wealth makes many friends , but the poor is separated from his neighbor .
And the priests were standing over their charges , and the Levites with instruments of the music to Jehovah , that David the king had made , to give thanks to Jehovah , for His mercy endures forever , when praised David by their hand ; and the priests were blowing trumpets before them , and all Israel was standing .
and what is the surpassing greatness of His power toward us , the ones believing according to the working of His mighty strength

For by grace you are saved , through faith , and this not of yourselves ; it is the gift of God ;
He says to the deep , Be a waste ! And I will dry up your rivers !
and to your livestock , and to the animal in your land , all its produce shall be for food .
And he shall lift up from it the fat which covers over the inward parts , and all the fat on the inward parts ,
And the king of Israel went out and struck the horses , and the chariots , and struck the Syrians with a great blow .
Then the neighbors and those who formerly saw him , that he was blind , said , Is this one not the one who had sat and begged ?
the son of Melea , the son of Menan , the son of Mattatha , the son of Nathan , the son of David ,
And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth and stretched it out for herself on the rock , from the beginning of harvest until water poured on them out of the heavens . And she did not allow a bird of the heavens to rest on them by day nor the beast of the field by night .
In that night Belshazzar , the king of the Chaldeans , was killed .
And what you sow , you do not sow the body that is going to be , but a bare grain , ( it may be of wheat , or of some of the rest ) ,
And he said , I came naked out of my mother's womb , and naked I shall return there . Jehovah gave , and Jehovah has taken away . Blessed be the name of Jehovah .
lead me in Your truth , and teach me ; for You are the God of my salvation ; on You I wait all the day long .
He was oppressed , and He was afflicted , but He did not open His mouth . He was led as a lamb to the slaughter ; and as a ewe before her shearers is dumb , so He opened not His mouth .
And we command such and exhort through our Lord Jesus Christ that working with quietness , they may eat their own bread .
And David commanded the aliens in the land of Israel to be gathered , and appointed masons to cut stones to build the house of God .
And the Syrians fled before Israel . And David killed from Syria seven hundred in chariots , and forty thousand horsemen . And he struck Shobach the commander of the army , and he died there .
And He came a third time , and said to them , Sleep on now , and rest . It is enough . The hour has come . Behold , the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners .
I am coming to you this third time . " In the mouth of two or three witnesses every matter shall be established . "
and Shamsherai , and Shehariah , and Athaliah ,
but the man who shall touch them must be armed with iron and the shaft of a spear ; they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place .
And to the sons of the concubines who were to Abraham , Abraham gave gifts , and sent them away eastward , from his son Isaac , while still alive to an eastern land .

And Moses said to them , If you will do this thing ; if you will arm for battle before Jehovah ,
This is My covenant which you shall keep , between Me and you and your seed after you : Every male child among you shall be circumcised
I bring back this to my heart . On account of this I hope .
And Jehovah God formed the man out of dust from the ground , and blew into his nostrils the breath of life ; and man became a living soul .
Claudius Lysias to the most excellent governor , Felix , greeting :
Yea , I will send famine and evil beasts on you , and you will be bereaved . And pestilence and blood shall pass among you , and I shall bring a sword on you . I , Jehovah , have spoken .
And he said , Swear to me . And he swore to him . And Israel bowed on the head of the bed .

Also Assyria has joined with them ; they were an arm to the sons of Lot . Selah .
And after these things , it happened that his master's wife lifted up her eyes to Joseph , and said , Lie with me .
And Abraham prayed to God , and God healed Abimelech and his wife and his concubines , and they gave birth .
And if a kingdom is divided against itself , that kingdom cannot stand .

And the second is like this , " You shall love your neighbor as yourself . " There is not another commandment greater than these .

Let Your hand be on the Man of Your right hand ; on the Son of man whom You have made strong for Yourself .
even now I desired to be present with you and to change my voice , for I am in doubt as to you .
In the midst of its street and of the river , from here and from there , was a tree of life producing twelve fruits : according to one month each yielding its fruit . And the leaves of the tree were for healing of the nations .
The greeting of Paul by my hand is the sign in every letter ; so I write .
and for a rising , and for a scab , and for a bright spot ;
the son of Amariah , the son of Azariah , the son of Meraioth ,
How long will You not look away from me , nor leave me alone until I swallow down my spittle ?

My steps have kept in Your tracks , so that my strides have not slipped .
In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah , and they caused a king to reign over them .
And the Angel of Jehovah spoke to Elijah , Go down with him . Do not be afraid of him . And he rose up and went down with him to the king .
How great are His signs ! And how mighty are His wonders ! His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and His rule is from generation to generation .
Therefore , go now and work . And straw will not be given to you ; and a certain number of bricks you shall deliver .
And Israel set ambushers against Gibeah all around .
Then the prophet said to them , I have heard . Behold , I will pray to Jehovah your God according to your words ; and it shall be , all the word Jehovah shall answer , I will declare to you . I will not keep back a thing from you .
Jehovah shall open to you His good treasure , the heavens to give the rain to your land in its season , and to bless all the work of your hand . And you shall lend to many nations , but you shall not borrow .
For I say to you that in no way will I drink from the produce of the vine until the kingdom of God comes .
And the measuring line shall yet go before it to the hill Gareb , and shall go around to Goath .
And as much as they afflicted them , so much they multiplied and so much they spread . And they were afraid before the sons of Israel .
And at my table were a hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers , besides those who came to us from among the nations around us .
And this is the case of the manslayer who shall flee there , that he may live : whoever strikes his neighbor unawares , and has not hated him yesterday and the day before ;
So you longed for the wickedness of your youth , when from Egypt they worked your nipples , for the sake of the breasts of your youth .
And the person who eats of the flesh of the sacrifice of the peace offerings which are Jehovah's when his uncleanness is upon him , even that person shall be cut off from his people .
Yea , Israel has been without a true God many days , and without a teaching priest , and without law .
For all this I gave to heart , even to explain all this , that the righteous and the wise and their works are in the hand of God . Whether love or hatred , man does not know all that is before them .
Make their nobles as Oreb and Zeeb , and all their princes like Zebah and Zalmunna ;
and that He was buried , and that He was raised the third day , according to the Scriptures ,
and at Hazar-shual , and at Beersheba , and its villages ;
And they shall know that I am Jehovah their God , who brought them out from the land of Egypt , that I may dwell in their midst . I am Jehovah their God .
And you will remember your evil ways and your doings that were not good , and you will despise yourselves in your own eyes for your iniquities and for your abominations .
" For the one desiring to love life , and to see good days , let him restrain his tongue from evil , even his lips not to speak guile .
And in the Law , Moses commanded that such should be stoned . You , then , what do you say ?
Because of this , " straighten the hands " hanging alongside , " and the enfeebled knees ; "
And it shall be , when their fathers or their brothers come to strive with us , we shall say to them , Favor us with them , for we did not take for each man of them a wife in battle , for if you did not give to them as at this time , you would be guilty .
If you will not afflict my daughters , and if you will take wives above my daughters , no man is with us . Behold ! God is a witness between you and me .
And now , what is there under your hand ? Give five loaves into my hand , or whatever is found .
Do not treasure up for you treasures on the earth , where moth and rust cause to vanish , and where thieves dig through and steal .

And it shall be as a gazelle driven away , and as a sheep no one gathers ; each man shall look to his own people , and each one shall flee to his land .
And all Israel saw that the king did not listen to them , and the people sent the king back word , saying , What portion do we have in David ? Yea , there is no inheritance in the son of Jesse ; to your tents , O Israel ; now see to your house , O David ! And Israel went to its tents .
And she said , No one , Lord . And Jesus said to her , Neither do I give judgment . Go , and sin no more .
For before some came from James , he ate with the nations . But when they came , he drew back and separated himself , being afraid of those of the circumcision .
The burden of Egypt : Behold ! Jehovah rides on a light cloud and comes into Egypt . And the idols of Egypt shall tremble from before Him ; and the heart of Egypt shall melt in its midst .
The tilled ground of the poor yields much food , but without justice , it is swept away .
And again , " Praise the Lord , all the nations , and praise Him all the peoples . "
And as to the angels , He said , " Who makes His angels spirits , and His ministers a flame of fire ; "
And the Child grew , and became strong in spirit , being filled with wisdom . And the grace of God was upon Him .
And Enoch walked with God ; then he was not ; for God took him .
And the priest shall look on the scab on the seventh day . And , behold , if the scab has not spread in the skin , and its appearance is not deeper than the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him clean . And he shall wash his garments , and shall be clean .
do you say of Him whom the Father sanctified and sent into the world , You blaspheme , because I said , I am Son of God ?
And Shaphan the scribe came to the king and brought back word to the king , and said , Your servants have poured out the silver that has been found in the house , and have given it into the hand of the doers of the work , those who oversee in the house of Jehovah .
My soul has long dwelt to itself , with him who hates peace .
To the chief musician . A Psalm and Song of David . To You silence is praise , O God , in Zion ; and to You is a vow paid .
For truly I was stolen from the land of the Hebrews ; and here also I have not done anything that they should have put me into the dungeon .
And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo , the son of Ahohite . He was of the three mighty men with David when they taunted the Philistines , when they were gathered there to battle ; and the men of Israel went up ;
and you shall draw near , across from the sons of Ammon . You shall not besiege them nor be stirred up against them , for I have not given of the land of the sons of Ammon to you for a possession . For I have given it for a possession to the sons of Lot .
and to those in Hebron , and to all the places where David had gone up and down , he and his men .
And the rest of the food offering is for Aaron and for his sons , most holy , of the fire offerings of Jehovah .
But I will tell you what is written in the Scripture of Truth . And no one makes himself strong with Me in these things except Michael your ruler .
And Amaziah said to Amos , Seer , go ! Flee for yourself into the land of Judah , and eat bread there , and prophesy there .
and said to them , Whoever receives this child on My name receives Me . And whoever receives Me receives Him who sent Me . For the one being least among you all , this one shall be great .

the pure lampstand , its lamps the lamps of arrangement and all its vessels , and the oil of the light ,
As for us , Jehovah is our God , and we have not forsaken Him ; yea , priests are serving Jehovah , the sons of Aaron and the Levites , in the work ,
He is Jehovah our God ; His judgments are in all the earth ;
Then the woman left her waterpot and went away into the city and said to the men ,

And it shall be in that day , the prophets shall be ashamed , each one of his vision when he prophesies , and they shall not wear a hairy garment to deceive .
And Bethany was near Jerusalem , about fifteen stadia off .


And his concubine called Reumah , she also bore Tebah , and Gaham , and Thahash , and Maachah .
And having called one of the children , he inquired what this may be .
And the priest who is anointed shall take of the blood of the bullock and shall bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation .
And it happened after this , that there stood a battle again with the Philistines in Gezer ; then Sibbechai the Hushathite killed Sippai of the children of the giant , and they were humbled .
For I am the least of the apostles , who am not sufficient to be called an apostle , because I persecuted the church of God .
so then I say , Listen to me ; I will declare my knowledge , I also .
In that day , says Jehovah of Hosts , the nail that is driven in the sure place shall be removed , and be cut down , and fall . And the burden that was on it shall be cut off . Jehovah has spoken .
And as Peter was doubting within himself what the vision which he saw might be , even behold , the men who had been sent from Cornelius stood on the porch asking out the house of Simon .
And David asked of Jehovah , saying , Shall I go up to the Philistines ? Will You give them into my hand ? And Jehovah said to David , Go up , for I will certainly give the Philistines into your hand .
Get wisdom , get understanding ; do not forsake and do not turn away from the words of my mouth .

And he built altars in the house of Jehovah , of which Jehovah had said , In Jerusalem I will put My name .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying :
And one of the seven angels came to me , he having the seven bowls being filled with the seven last plagues , and spoke with me , saying , Come , I will show you the bride , the wife of the Lamb .
And he longed to fill his stomach from the husks which the pigs ate , but no one gave to him .

Yea , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to the demons ;
Do not let the foot of pride come to me ; and let not the hand of the wicked move me .
And I saw , and I heard a sound of many angels around the throne , and the living creatures , and the elders , and their number was myriads of myriads , and thousands of thousands ,
Because he considers and turns from all his transgressions that he has done , surely he shall live ; he shall not die .

And I call God as witness to my soul that to spare you I came no more to Corinth .
A locked garden is My sister , My spouse ; a rock heap locked up , a sealed fountain .
and Shaalabbin , and Ajalon , and Jethlah ,
Then the word of Jehovah came to Jeremiah , saying ,
Saying these things , Jesus was troubled in spirit and testified and said , Indeed I tell you truly that one of you will betray Me .
And if a man takes his sister , the daughter of his father or daughter of his mother , and he has seen her nakedness , and she sees his nakedness , it is a shame . And they shall be cut off before the eyes of the sons of their people ; he has uncovered his sister's nakedness ; he shall bear his iniquity .
O give thanks to Jehovah , for He is good ; for His mercy endures forever .
So says Jehovah , Though secure , and so many , yet they will be cut off and will vanish . And though I have afflicted you , I will not afflict you any more .

Then I took Jaazaniah the son of Jeremiah , the son of Habaziniah , and his brothers , and all his sons , and the whole house of the Rechabites .

And Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the sons of Israel .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of God shouted for joy ?
I will snatch away man and beast : I will snatch away the birds of the heavens and the fish of the sea , and the stumbling-blocks , even the wicked . And I will cut off man from the face of the ground , declares Jehovah .
And on the eighth day he shall take two male lambs , perfect ones , and one ewe lamb , daughter of a year , a perfect one , and three tenth parts of flour for a food offering , mixed with oil , and one log of oil .
Be exalted , O Jehovah , in Your strength ; we will sing , and sing psalms of Your power .
And the face of the Holy of Holies was twenty cubits in length , and twenty cubits in height . And he overlaid it with refined gold , and overlaid the altar with cedar .
To the Chief Musician on Neginoth . A Contemplation ; A Psalm of David , when the Ziphites came and said to Saul , Does not David hide himself among us ? Save me , O God , by Your name ; and judge me by Your strength .
Machnadebai , Shashai , Sharai ,
And it happened , when Baasha heard , he stopped building Ramah and let his work rest .
And Micaiah said , As Jehovah lives , Surely that which Jehovah says to me , that I will speak .
He said these things teaching in a synagogue in Capernaum .
And the report of Him went out into all Syria . And they brought to Him all the ones having illness , suffering various diseases and torments , also those having been demon-possessed , and those having been moonstruck , and paralytics ; and He healed them .
And Moses and Aaron said to all the sons of Israel , At evening . you shall know that Jehovah has brought you from the land of Egypt ;
Then if he who owns the house shall come in and declare to the priest , saying , I have seen a plague in the house .
And the king of Egypt did not come again out of his land ; for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt to the Euphrates River , all owned by the king of Egypt .
And all the trees of the field shall know that I , Jehovah , have brought down the high tree . and have exalted the low tree , and have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree flourish . I , Jehovah , have spoken and acted .
But in the meantime the disciples asked Him , saying , Rabbi , eat ?

A Song of Ascents . I will lift up my eyes to the hills ; from where shall my help come ?
And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire on the altar and arrange wood on the fire .
And Jehovah scattered them from there , over the face of all the earth . And they stopped building the city .
This is the law for burnt offering , for the food offering , and for sin offering , and for guilt offering , and for consecrations , and for a sacrifice of the peace offerings ,
Put iniquity to their iniquity , and do not let them enter into Your righteousness .
Or if I send a plague into the land and pour out My fury on it in blood , to cut off from it man and beast ;
And I will also give it into the hand of the strangers for a prize , and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil . And they shall defile it .
And the hand of the sons of Israel went on , going on and pressing hard on Jabin the king of Canaan , until they had cut off Jabin the king of Canaan .
And it happened at the end of three years , two of Shimei's servants fled to Achish the son of Maachah , the king of Gath . And they told Shimei , saying , Behold , your servants are in Gath .
And He spoke this parable : A certain one had planted a fig tree in his vineyard . And he came looking for fruit on it and did not find any .
And they lifted up Asahel and buried him in the burying place of his father , which is in Bethlehem . And they went all night , Joab and his men ; and it was light to them coming into Hebron .
Dead ones do not live ; departed spirits do not rise ; because of this You visited and destroyed them , and caused all memory of them to perish .
But now Christ has been raised from the dead ; He became the firstfruit of those having fallen asleep .
The third commander of the army for the third month was Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , a head priest ; and in his division were twenty four thousand .
But the Lord knows to deliver the godly out of temptation , and to keep the unjust for a day of judgment , being punished ,
But a certain man named Ananias , with his wife Sapphira , sold a property ,
For before these days Theudas rose up , claiming himself to be somebody , to whom was joined a number of men , about four hundred , who was done away , and all , as many as obeyed him , were dispersed and came to nothing .

a lion is mighty among beasts , and he does not turn away from facing all ;
to a land flowing with milk and honey . For I will not go up among you , for you are a stiffnecked people , lest I consume you in the way .
And I gave time to her that she might repent of her fornication . And she did not repent .
You have caused judgment to be heard from Heaven ; the earth feared and was stilled ;
but those riches perish by an evil use ; and he fathers a son , and nothing is in his hand .
And I also baptized the house of Stephanas . For the rest , I do not know if I baptized any other .
And the tribe of Gad : the ruler of the sons of Gad being Eliasaph the son of Reuel .
And it happened , when Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his garments , he sent to the king , saying , Why have you torn your garments ? Let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel .

And having remained many days more , having taken leave of the brothers , Paul sailed to Syria , having shaved his head , in Cenchrea , for he had a vow . And Priscilla and Aquila were with him .
Blessed are the poor in spirit ! For theirs is the kingdom of the Heavens .
serving the Lord with all humility , and many tears and trials happening to me by the plots of the Jews ;
And Canaan fathered his firstborn Sidon , and Heth ,
And they refused to obey , and were not mindful of Your wonders which You did among them . But they hardened their necks , and in their rebellion appointed a leader to return them to their bondage . But You are a God ready to pardon , gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and of great kindness , and did not forsake them .
And his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him . And they were not able to speak to him for peace .
The burden of the desert of the sea : As tempests in the Negeb pass , it comes from the desert from a terrifying land .
And now when I come to your servant , my father , and the youth is not with us and his soul being bound to his soul ,

And the king talked with them . And among them all was found none like Daniel , Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah . So they stood before the king .
And a hair of your head shall in no way perish .
And the Philistine drew near morning and evening , and presented himself forty days .
And all the tribes of Israel came to David , to Hebron , and spoke , saying , Behold , we are your bone and we are your flesh .
And of Naphtali he said , O Naphtali , satisfied with good will and full of the blessing of Jehovah ; possess the west and the south .
They answered and said to Him , Abraham is our father . Jesus said to them , If you were children of Abraham , you would do the works of Abraham .

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold whose height was sixty cubits ; its breadth , six cubits . He set it up in the plain of Dura , in the province of Babylon .
He struck the Philistines to Gaza and its borders , from the Watch Tower to the fortified city .
And Jehoram turned his hands and fled , and said to Ahaziah , Treachery , O Ahaziah !
each one as he received a gift , ministering it to yourselves as good stewards of the manifold grace of God .
And out of the tribe of Naphtali , Kedesh in Galilee and its open lands as a city of refuge for the manslayer , and Hammothdor and its open lands , and Kartah , and its open lands ; three cities .

After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired the other piece from the corner to the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest .
And I heard a voice saying to me , Peter , rise up , slay and eat .
And rising up , he went away to his house .
And Jehovah sent Jerubbaal , and Bedan , and Jephthah , and Samuel , and delivered you from the hand of your enemies from all around ; and you lived securely .
And the anger of Jehovah glowed against Israel , and He gave them into the hand of plunderers ; and they plundered them . And He sold them into the hand of their enemies all around , and they were not able to stand before their enemies any longer .
O man , He has declared to you what is good . And what does Jehovah require of you , but to do justice , and to love mercy , and to walk humbly with your God ?

And the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim , and his evil deeds that he did , and that which was found against him , behold , they are written in the Book of the Kings of Israel and Judah . And his son Jehoiachin reigned in his place .
In that day the beautiful virgins and the young men shall faint with thirst .
And they shall keep all the vessels of the tabernacle of the congregation , and the charge of the sons of Israel , to do the work of the tabernacle .

Behold ! I , even I , am establishing My covenant with you , and with your seed after you ,

Turn to me and be gracious to me , for I am lonely and afflicted .
And seeing her , the Lord felt pity over her and said to her , Stop weeping .
And they went up and camped in Kirjath-jearim , in Judah . Therefore they called that place a camp of Dan until this day . Behold , it is behind Kirjathjearim .
and seventy two thousand oxen ,
that through faith Christ may dwell in your hearts , having been rooted and founded in love ,
And he captured a young man of the men of Succoth , and questioned him ; and he wrote out to him the rulers of Succoth , and its elders , seventy seven men .
It is good that you should take hold of this ; yea , also from this do not let your hand rest ; for he who fears God shall come forth with all of them .
And He said to them , To you has been given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God . But to these , those outside , all things are being given in parables ,

We have drunk our water for silver ; our wood comes for a price .
Then the righteous will shine out like the sun in the kingdom of their Father . The one having ears to hear , let him hear .
This is the evil man's portion from God , and the inheritance of his word from God .
the pitfall is hid for him in the ground , and a trap for him on the way .
Bezer in the wilderness , in the tableland , for the Reubenites ; and Ramoth in Gilead for the Gadites ; and Golan in Bashan for the Manassites .
And Aaron shall bring near the bullock of the sin offering which is his own , and shall make atonement for himself , and for his house .
Light rises in the darkness to the upright ; he is gracious and full of pity , and of righteousness .
There shall not be one miscarrying , nor one barren in your land . I will fulfill the number of your days .
Is it good to You that You should crush , that You should despise the work of Your hands , and You shine on the counsel of the wicked ?
And he led Him to Jerusalem , and stood Him on the wing of the temple , and said to Him , If You are the Son of God , throw Yourself down from here ;
And continually night and day in the hills , and in the tombs , he was crying and cutting himself with stones .
having been filled with all unrighteousness , fornication , iniquity , covetousness , malice , being full of envy , murder , quarrels , deceit , evil habits , becoming whisperers ,
For in the past days of David and Asaph , there were heads of the singers , and songs of praise and thanksgiving to God .
Mishma , and Dumah , Massa , Hadad , and Tema ,
not according to the covenant that I cut with their fathers in the day I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt ( which covenant of Mine they broke , although I was a husband to them , says Jehovah ) .
and Basemath , the daughter of Ishmael , sister of Nebajoth .
Truly I say to you , Wherever this gospel is proclaimed in all the world , what she did will be spoken of as a memorial of her .
And will not the uncircumcision by nature by keeping the Law judge you , the one who through letter and circumcision becomes transgressor of Law ?

For we have heard how Jehovah dried up the water of the Sea of Reeds before you , as you were going out of Egypt ; also that which you have done to two kings of the Amorites who were beyond the Jordan ; to Sihon , and to Og , whom you destroyed .
I am a son of eighty years today . Can I distinguish between good and evil ? Can your servant taste that which I am eating , and that which I drink ? Can I any more listen to the voice of singing men and singing women ? And why should your servant be any more as a burden to my lord the king ?
And when he met us in Assos , taking him up we came to Mitylene .

And on that day the battle went on , and the king was caused to stand up in the chariot against Syria . And he died in the evening , and the blood of the wound poured out into the middle of the chariot .
Who has purposed this against Tyre , the crowning city , whose merchants are rulers , whose traders are the weighty of the earth ?
Witnesses of violence rise up ; they asked me what I did not know ;
And Balaam said to Balak , Build seven altars for me here , and prepare seven bullocks and seven rams for me here .
But the Levites shall do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation , and they shall bear their iniquity ; it shall be a never ending statute throughout your generations , that in the midst of the sons of Israel they shall have no inheritance ;
Why do you pursue me , as God does , and are not satisfied with my flesh ?
He that touches the dead body of any man shall be unclean seven days .
You shall be perfect with Jehovah your God .
And to the Reubenites and to the Gadites I gave from Gilead even to the valley of Arnon , the middle of the valley and its border ; even to the Jabbok River , which is the border of the sons of Ammon ;

And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him . And he refused to be comforted , and said , I will go down to Sheol mourning for my son . And his father wept for him .
the hart and gazelle , and roe deer , and wild goat , and antelope , and oryx , and moufflon .
And it happened after the death of Abraham , God blessed his son Isaac . And Isaac lived by The Well of the Living One , My Beholder .

And the priest shall look on him , and , behold , if the rising of the plague is reddish white in his bald head , or in his bald forehead , as the appearance of leprosy , in the skin of the flesh ,
And all the congregation said to stone them with stones . And the glory of Jehovah appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation , to all the sons of Israel .
and those weeping as not weeping , and those rejoicing as not rejoicing , and those buying as not possessing ,



as the sons of Esau who live in Seir , and the Moabites who live in Ar , have done to me , until I have crossed over the Jordan , to the land which Jehovah our God is giving to us .
And the cities at the furthest border of the tribe of the sons of Judah were to the border of Edom in the south : Kabzeel , and Eder , and Jagur ,
And the Spirit of Jehovah clothed Gideon with Himself , and he blew with a ram's horn . And the Abiezrites were called after him .
As for the Jebusites , the inhabitants of Jerusalem , the sons of Judah could not drive them out . But the Jebusites dwell with the sons of Judah at Jerusalem to this day .
And our father said , Go back , buy a little food for us .
The elders of Gebal and her wise ones were with you , reinforcing your seams . All the ships of the sea and their seamen were with you , to exchange your merchandise .
And you shall have a solemn assembly on the eighth day ; you shall do no work of service .
Then you coming together into one place , it is not to eat the Lord's supper .
But when the seven days were about to be completed , having seen him in the temple , the Jews from Asia stirred up all the crowd , and they laid hands on him ,
The sinners of Zion are afraid ; terror has seized profane ones ; who of us shall tarry with consuming fire ? Who of us shall tarry with everlasting burnings ?
Sing , O heavens , for Jehovah has done it . Shout , O lower parts of the earth ; burst forth into praise , O mountains . O forest and every tree in it , sing praise , because Jehovah has redeemed Jacob , and glorifies Himself in Israel .
To the chief musician . For the sons of Korah ; A song . For the Virgins . God is our refuge and strength , very much found to be a help in distresses .
He was with the proconsul , Sergius Paulus , an intelligent man . This one having called Barnabas and Saul to him , he sought to hear the Word of God .
that your days and the days of your sons may be multiplied , and the days of your sons in the land which Jehovah has sworn to your fathers , to give to them , as the days of the heavens over the earth .
And when he began to reckon , one debtor of ten thousand talents was brought near to him .
they have afflicted me from my youth many times , yet they have not prevailed over me .
and they cried to Jehovah in their distress ; He saved them from their straits ;
for from my youth he grew up with me as with a father , and from my mother's womb I guided her .
And they were not able to lay hold of His speech before the people . And marveling at His answer , they were silent .

and they will know that this is Your hand ; that You , O Jehovah , have done it .
And the rest of the acts of Omri that he did , and his might that he attained , are they not written in the of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?
Then if you are not able to do even the least , why are you anxious about the rest ?
And keep My sabbaths holy , and they shall be a sign between Me and you , that you may know that I am Jehovah your God .
And his mother made a small coat for him , and she brought it up to him from year to year , as she came up with her husband to offer the sacrifice of the days .
And if it spreads greatly in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean ; it is a plague .
The night is far gone , and the day has drawn near ; then let us cast off the works of darkness , and let us put on the weapons of the light .
And they came to their brothers at Zorah and Eshtaol . And their brothers said to them , What did you do ?

The fruit of your body shall be blessed , and the fruit of your ground , and the fruit of your livestock , the offspring of your oxen , and the young ones of your flock .
So hear the word of Jehovah , scornful men , rulers of this people in Jerusalem .
And I will fulfill My wrath in the wall , and in those who daubed it with lime . And I will say to you , The wall is not ; and , Those who daubed are not ,
And it happened , as the ark of the covenant of Jehovah came to the City of David , Michal the daughter of Saul looked out through the window and saw king David dancing and making merry . And she despised him in her heart .
And continuing for a time , they were let go with peace from the brothers to the apostles .
And the priests bearing the ark of the covenant of Jehovah stood firm on dry ground in the middle of the Jordan . And all Israel crossed over on dry ground until all the nation had completely passed over the Jordan .
And she said , As Jehovah your God lives , I do not have a cake , only a handful of meal in a pitcher , and a little oil in a jar ; and behold , I am gathering two sticks and will go in and prepare for myself and for my son ; and we shall eat it , and die .
But seeing , His disciples were indignant , saying , For what is this waste ?
but what becomes women professing fear of God , through good works .
But I , in the plenty of Your grace , I will come into Your house . I will worship in Your fear toward Your holy temple , O Jehovah .
And the assembly sent twelve thousand men there of the mighty sons , and commanded them , saying , Go , and you shall strike the inhabitants of Jabesh-gilead with the mouth of the sword , even the women and the little ones .
And out of the tribe of Benjamin was Geba and its open lands ; and Alemeth and its open lands ; and Anathoth and its open lands . All their cities in their families were thirteen cities .
And Laban said to him , If I have found favor in your eyes , stay . I have seen omens , also Jehovah has blessed me because of you .
Kiss the Son , lest He be angry , and you perish from the way , when His wrath is kindled but a little . Oh the blessings of all those who flee to Him for refuge !
And Amasa was wallowing in blood in the middle of the highway . And the man saw that all the people stood still . And he turned away Amasa from the highway to the field , and threw a garment over him , when he saw that all who came beside him stood still .

And he went into his father's house at Ophrah , and killed his brothers , the sons of Jerubbaal , seventy men on one stone . But Jotham , the youngest son of Jerubbaal , was left ; for he had hidden .
And the sons of Judah by their families : of Shelah , the family of the Shelanites ; of Pharez , the family of the Pharzites ; of Zerah , the family of the Zarhites .
For strangers have risen up against me ; and terrifying men seek after my soul ; they have not set God before them . Selah .
sixty one thousand of the asses ;
My enemies curse me all the day long ; those who rave against me have sworn against me .
You shall certainly give back to him the pledge at sundown ; and he shall lie down in his own clothing , and shall bless you . And it shall be righteousness to you before Jehovah your God .
And every man in distress , and every man who had a creditor , and every man bitter of soul , gathered themselves to him . And he became commander over them . And about four hundred men were with him .
Then you may walk in the ways of the good and keep the ways of the righteous .
And the days that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel were forty years ;
who said to God , Depart from us ; and , What can the Almighty do to them ?
For you gladly endure fools , being wise .
And as to the vow of a widow , or her that is divorced , all that she has bound on her soul shall be established on her .
And it happened at that time Abimelech and Phicol , the general of his army , spoke to Abraham , saying , God is with you in all that you do .
Then answering , Peter said to Him , Behold , we left all things and followed You . What then shall be to us ?
And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah , and toward all the land of the plain . And he saw . And , behold , the smoke of the country went up like the smoke of a furnace .
For the sun rose with the hot wind and dried up the grass , and its flower fell out , and the beauty of its appearance perished ; so also the rich one will fade away in his ways .

And they said , Should he treat our sister like a harlot ?
For He looks to the ends of the earth , and sees under all the heavens ;

You were running well ; who held you back that you do not obey the truth ?
predestinating us to adoption through Jesus Christ to Himself , according to the good pleasure of His will ,
Fire will devour you there . The sword shall cut you off . It will eat you up like the locust larvae . Make yourself as many as the larvae ; multiply yourself like the locusts .
and said , O Jehovah , I beg You to remember now that I have walked before You in truth and with a whole heart ; and I have done the good in Your eyes . And Hezekiah wept with a great weeping .
For all the wealth which God has taken from our father , it is for us and for our sons . And now all that which God has said to you , do .
And the frogs will come up on you , and on your people , and on all your servants .
And when you go into battle in your land against the foe distressing you , then you shall blow with the trumpets , and you shall be remembered before Jehovah your God . And you shall be saved from your enemies .
Then the king made great and gave many great gifts to him . And he made him ruler over all the province of Babylon , and chief of the prefects over all the wise men of Babylon .
And Moses stretched out his staff over the land of Egypt . And Jehovah brought an east wind on the land all that day and all that night . And at morning the east wind lifted up the locusts .
And Peter was knocking at the door of the porch , and a servant girl named Rhoda came near to listen .
Cross to Calneh and see ; and from there go to the great Hamath ; then go down to Gath of the Philistines . Are they better than these kingdoms , or their border than your border ?
And this is the will of the One sending Me , that everyone seeing the Son and believing into Him should have everlasting life ; and I will raise him up at the last day .
At which time the myriads of the crowd being gathered together , so as to trample on one another , He began to say to His disciples first , Take heed to yourselves of the leaven of the Pharisees , which is hypocrisy .
When you cut down your harvest in your field , and have forgotten a sheaf in the field , you shall not turn back to take it . It shall be for the alien , for the orphan . and for the widow ; so that Jehovah your God shall bless you in all the work of your hand .
And all the congregation of the sons of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron in the wilderness .
And this shall be to you a never ending statute to atone for the sons of Israel , because of all their sins , once a year . And he did as Jehovah had commanded Moses .
Give to them according to their deeds and according to the evil of their practices ; as is the work of their hands , give to them , repay their deeds to them .
You are He , my King , O God ; command deliverances for Jacob .
All numbered of the camp of Dan were a hundred and fifty seven thousand and six hundred . They shall pull out last by their standards .
For He repays man's work to him ; and according to a man's day , He causes him to find .

The sons of Salma : Bethlehem , and the Netophathites , Ataroth , the house of Joab ; and half the Manahethites ; the Zorites .
Let My outcasts tarry with you , Moab . Be a hiding place to them from the face of the destroyer . For the exacter has ceased , destruction has failed ; the trampler is ended out of the land .
This is the law of the animals , and of the fowl , and of every living creature which moves in the waters , and every creature which swarms on the earth ,
He shall live on high ; strongholds of rocks will be his retreat ; his bread shall be given ; his waters are faithful .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And he left there and found Jehonadab the son of Rechab coming to meet him , and he blessed him . And he said to him , Is your heart right , as my heart is with your heart ? And Jehonadab said , It is . If it is , give your hand . And he gave his hand , and he made him come up to him into the chariot .
And you shall bring the Levites before Jehovah ; and the sons of Israel shall lay their hands on the Levites .


And the satraps , the prefects , the governors , and the king's officials assembled . And they saw these men on whose bodies the fire had no power , and the hair of their head was not scorched , nor were their slippers changed , nor had the smell of fire clung on them .
So hear the counsel of Jehovah that He has planned against Babylon , and His purposes which He has purposed against the land of the Chaldeans : Surely they shall drag them , the least of the flock . Surely He will make their dwelling desolate over them .
And Judah said to his brother Simeon , Go up with me into my lot , and we shall fight against the Canaanites . And I also will go with you into your lot . And Simeon went with him .
but you have ignored all my counsel , and you did not desire my warning .
And they took it from the house of Abinadab , which is in the hill , with the ark of God . And Ahio was going before the ark .
But if you do not believe his writings , how will you believe My words ?
The Lord Jehovah has sworn by Himself , declares Jehovah , the God of hosts : I abhor the pride of Jacob , and hate his palaces ; and I will shut up the city and its fullness .
And he who sits on a thing on which he who discharges sat shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and shall be unclean until the evening .
And your servant , my father , said to us , You know that my wife bore two to me .
And they went up and spied out the land , from the wilderness of Zin to Rehob , at the entrance to Hamath .
All this has come upon us , and we have not forgotten You nor dealt falsely with Your covenant .
For I say to you , Among those born of a woman , no prophet is greater than John the Baptist . But the least one in the kingdom of God is greater than he is .
Your temples behind your veil are like a piece of pomegranate .

But what did you go out to see ? A man clothed in soft clothing ? Behold , those wearing soft things are in the houses of kings .
You see that faith worked with his works ; and out of the works the faith was made perfected .
Let them be as chaff before the wind , and the Angel of Jehovah driving away .
And Jethro Moses' father-in-law , and his sons and his wife came to Moses , to the wilderness where he camped , at the mount of God .
and to another , faith by the same Spirit , and to another , gifts of healing by the same Spirit ,
Then sending away the crowds , Jesus came into the house . And His disciples came to Him , saying , Explain to us the parable of the darnel of the field .
They opened their mouth on Me , like a lion ripping and roaring .
And if they shall be for wives to one of the sons of the other tribes of the sons of Israel , then their inheritance will be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe to which they shall belong . So it shall be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
God shall bless us ; and all the ends of the earth shall fear Him .
It also came in the days of Jehoiakim , the son of Josiah , king of Judah , to the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah , king of Judah , to the exile of Jerusalem in the fifth month .
For Jehovah had seen the affliction of Israel to be very bitter ; and none was bound , and none free , and there was no helper for Israel .
There shall not be found in you one who passes his son or his daughter through the fire , one that uses divination , an observer of clouds , or a fortuneteller , or a whisperer of spells ,
And Jacob served seven years for Rachel ; and they were in his eyes like a few days , in that he loved her .
Come , let us sell him to the Ishmaelites , and do not let our hand be on him . For he is our brother , our flesh . And his brothers listened .
And you shall tell your son in that day , saying , It is because of what Jehovah did for me when I came out from Egypt .
And having called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people ,
And the band of the ephod which is on it , like its work , shall be of it , gold , blue , and purple , and crimson , and bleached , twined linen .
And now , please let my lord the king hear the words of his servant . If Jehovah has moved you against me , let Him accept an offering . And if the sons of men , they are cursed before Jehovah ; for they have driven me out today from joining myself with the inheritance of Jehovah , saying , Go , serve other gods .
A Psalm of David . A Contemplation . Blessed is he whose transgression is lifted , whose sin is covered .
And the Levites were counted from a son of thirty years and upward ; and their number by their heads , as to men , thirty eight thousand .
Their young ones are strong ; they multiply with grain ; they go forth and do not return to them .
And it was said to them that they should not harm the grass of the earth , nor every green thing , nor every tree , except only the men who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads .
These are their generations . The first-born of Ishmael was Nebaioth , then Kedar , and Adbeel , and Mibsam ,

as children of obedience , not fashioning yourselves to your former lusts in your ignorance ,
And he said , Sir , who are you ? And the Lord said , I am Jesus , whom you persecute ; it is hard for you to kick against the prods .

But even the hairs of your head are all numbered .
For the lips of the priest should guard knowledge , and they should seek the law from his mouth ; for he is the messenger of Jehovah of hosts .
both Phrygia and Pamphylia , Egypt , and the regions of Libya over against Cyrene , and the temporarily residing Romans , both Jews and proselytes ,
the altar of burnt offering , and its bronze grating , its poles , and all its vessels , the laver and its base ;
And I will make them and the places around My hill a blessing . And I will bring down the shower in its season , there shall be showers of blessing .

and walked in all the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , and in his sin that he caused Israel to sin , to provoke to anger Jehovah the God of Israel with their vanities .
But when the righteous turns from his righteousness and does injustice ; according to all the abominations that the wicked do , he does , shall he live ? All his righteousness that he has done shall not be remembered in his treason that he has betrayed , and in his sin that he has sinned , in them he shall die .
And Amasa was not on guard against the sword in Joab's hand . And he struck him with it , to the belly , and poured out his bowels to the ground , and did not strike him again . And he died . And Joab and his brother Abishai pursued Sheba the son of Bichri .
Both sons of mankind and sons of man together , rich and poor :
And one opened his sack to give fodder to his ass in the camp , and he saw his silver . And , behold ! It was in the mouth of his sack !
I raised him up in righteousness , and have made straight all his ways . He shall build My city , and he will release My captives ; not for price , nor for reward , says Jehovah of Hosts .
or speak to the earth , and it will teach you ; and the fish of the sea will recount to you ;
And going out from the prison , they went into the house of Lydia . And seeing the brothers , they exhorted them , and went out .
And Jonathan said to the young man bearing his weapons , Come , we shall cross over to the fort of these uncircumcised ones . It may be Jehovah will work for us , for there is no hindrance to Jehovah , to save by many or by few .
I hate , I despise your feast days ; and I will not delight in your solemn assemblies .
And they took all the spoil , and all the prey , among man and among animal .
and spoke to them according to the counsel of the young men , saying , My father made your yoke heavy , and I shall add to your yoke ; my father chastised you with whips , and I will surely chastise you with scorpions .
And having fasted forty days and forty nights , afterwards He hungered .
And the scribes and the Pharisees brought to Him a woman having been taken in adultery . And standing her in the middle ,
And the cows went straight in the way , on the way to Beth-shemesh . They went on one highway , going and lowing . And they did not turn to the right or to the left . And the rulers of the Philistines went after them to the border of Bethshemesh .
And Moses spoke to Aaron , and to Eleazar , and to Ithamar , his sons who were left , Take the food offering that remains from the fire offerings of Jehovah , and eat it unleavened near the altar , for it is most holy .
And Caiaphas was the one who had given counsel to the Jews that it was advantageous for one man to perish for the people .
And it happened after many days the word of Jehovah came to Elijah in the third year , saying , Go , show yourself to Ahab , and I will give rain on the face of the earth .
like the dew of Hermon coming down on the mountains of Zion ; for there Jehovah commanded the blessing : life till everlasting .
And if you only greet your brothers , what exceptional thing do you do ? Do not the tax-collectors do so ?
In you he has uncovered the nakedness of the father ; in you they humbled the defiled by her impurity .
and " he will shepherd them with an iron staff " ( they are " broken to pieces like clay vessels " ) , as I also have received from My Father .
And Adonijah heard , and all those invited , who were with him . And they stopped eating . And Joab heard the sound of the ram's horn , and said , What is this noise roaring from the city ?
The sons of Pharez : Hezron and Hamul .
And if he happens to find it , truly I say to you that he rejoices over it more than over the ninety nine not going astray .
besides their male slaves and their slave-girls , these were seven thousand , three hundred and thirty seven ; and among them two hundred singing men and singing women .
She is a tree of life to the ones who lay hold on her ; and happy are the ones holding her fast .

His ways are perverted at all times . Your judgments are high from his sight ; as for all his vexers , he puffs at them .
The officers answered , Never did a man so speak as does this man .
They also took away the pots , and the shovels , and the snuffers , and the bowls , and the spoons , and all the vessels of bronze with which they served .
And if the man said to him , Let the fat be made to smoke as the day , and then take as much as your soul desires ; then he would say , No , but you shall give now . And if not , I will take it by force .
And the prophet took up the carcass of the man of God and placed it on the ass , and brought it back ; and the old prophet came into the city to mourn and to bury him .
But some men believed , joining themselves to him , among whom also were both Dionysius the Areopagite and a woman named Damaris , and others with them .
And he wrote in the name of king Ahasuerus , and sealed with the king's ring . And he sent letters by riders on horses , riders on stallions , mules , even sons of mares .
You shall offer the one lamb in the morning , and you shall offer the other lamb between the two evenings ;
And the man grew great , and he went on , going on to be great , until he became exceedingly great .
Yet He filled their houses with substance ; and the counsel of the wicked is far from me .
the one sea , and twelve oxen under it ,
And I said to the angel who was speaking with me , Where are they going with the ephah ?
You shall speak all that I command you , and your brother Aaron shall speak to Pharaoh . And he will send away the sons of Israel from his land .
And all the people departed , each to his house ; and David returned to bless his house .
Chief Kenaz , Chief Teman , Chief Mibzar ,

When I had passed on from them , it was a little while until I found Him whom my soul loves . I seized Him , and I did not let Him go until I had brought Him into my mother's house , and into the room of her who conceived me .
And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering and laid it on his son Isaac ; and he took the fire and the knife in his hand . And the two went together .
But go now to My place which was in Shiloh , where I made My name dwell at the first , and see what I did to it for the evil of My people Israel .
the only One having immortality , living in light that cannot be approached , whom no one of men saw , nor can see ; to whom be honor and everlasting might . Amen .
And I say to you , ask , and it will be given to you ; seek , and you will find ; knock , and it will be opened to you .
He also took of the seed of the land and planted it in a field of seed . He took it by great waters ; he set it as a willow .
Is not the food cut off before your eyes , joy and gladness from the house of our God ?
Also , they were haughty and did abomination before My face , so I turned them away as I saw fit .

But if he is found , he shall restore sevenfold ; he shall give all the goods of his house .

To the chief musician . A Testimony . Concerning the Lilies . A Psalm of Asaph . Give ear , O Shepherd of Israel , You leading Joseph like a flock ; shine forth , You dwelling between the cherubs .
You also be long-suffering . Set your hearts firmly , because the coming of the Lord has drawn near .
And instantly the fountain of her blood was dried up , and she knew in her body that she was healed of the plague .
You shall keep a solemn feast seven days to Jehovah your God in the place which Jehovah shall choose ; for Jehovah your God shall bless you in all your produce , and in every work of your hands , and you shall be altogether joyful .
When Jehovah your God shall bring you into the land to which you are going , to possess it , and He casts out many nations from before you , the Hittites , and the Girgashites , and the Amorites , and the Canaanites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , seven nations larger and mightier than you ;
And one of the elders answered , saying to me , These , the ones having been clothed in the white robes , who are they , and from where did they come ?
Micah , his son ; Reaiah , his son ; Baal , his son ;
And the king of Sodom said to Abram , Give me the persons and take the goods for yourself .
And He said to her , Your sins are forgiven .
On that day the king sanctified the middle of the court that was before the house of Jehovah , for he had made the burnt offering there , and the food offering , and the fat of the peace offerings ; because the bronze altar that was before Jehovah was too small to contain the burnt offering , and the food offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
And a certain woman threw a piece of a riding millstone on Abimelech's head and crushed his skull .
And Jesse passed Shammah by , but he said , Also Jehovah has not chosen this one .
And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers . And Zabud the son of Nathan was the minister and friend of the king .
in power of miracles and wonders , in power of the Spirit of God , so as for me to have fulfilled the preaching of the gospel of Christ from Jerusalem and in a circle as far as Illyricum .
And she said to Elijah , What have I to do with you , O man of God ? Have you come to me to cause my iniquity to be remembered , and to put my son to death ?

For the Sadducees indeed say there is no resurrection , nor angel , nor spirit . But Pharisees confess both .
And after they were silent , James responded , saying , Men , brothers , hear me :
Then the Jews said to the one having been healed , It is a sabbath . It is not lawful for you to lift up the cot .
And I will cause you to go into exile beyond Damascus , says Jehovah , the God of hosts is His name .
What then is it ? I will pray with the spirit , and I will also pray with the mind ; I will sing with the spirit , and I will also sing with the mind .

And they destroyed all that was in the city , from man even to woman , from young even to aged , and to ox , and sheep , and ass , by the mouth of the sword .
We have become a shame to our neighbors a scorn and a mockery to those who are around us .

When a man consumes a field or a vineyard , and he lets his beast loose and it consumes another's field , he shall repay the best of his field and the best of his vineyard .
" Having eyes , do you not see ? And having ears , do you not hear ? " And do you not remember ?
Let all those who seek You rejoice , and be glad in You ; and let those who love Your salvation forever say , Let God be magnified .
Gibeon , and Ramah , and Beeroth ,
In that hour the disciples came to Jesus , saying , Who then is greater in the kingdom of Heaven ?
And all the host of the heavens shall be dissolved , and the heavens shall be rolled together like a scroll . Then all their host shall droop , as a leaf drooping from the vine , and as the drooping from a fig tree .
Therefore , bring forth fruits worthy of repentance .
because the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous , and His ears open to their prayer . But the face of the Lord is against any doing evil things . " ;
So indeed the law is holy , and the commandment holy and just and good .
And Jethro , Moses' father-in-law , took Zipporah , Moses' wife , ( after Moses had sent her away , )
being distressed because they taught the people and announced in Jesus the resurrection from the dead .
and they shed innocent blood , the blood of their sons and of their daughters , whom they sacrificed to the idols of Canaan . And the land was defiled with the blood .
But if you say , The burden of Jehovah , therefore so says Jehovah : Because you say this word , the burden of Jehovah ; and I have sent to you saying , You shall not say , The burden of Jehovah ;

I sent you to reap what you have not labored over . Others have labored , and you have entered into their labor .
A little boy is here who has five barley loaves and two fish ; but what are these for so many ?
And , also , to the stranger who is not of Your people Israel , and he has come from a distant land for Your great name's sake , and Your mighty hand , and Your stretched out arm ; and they shall come and pray toward this house ,
So as , my brothers , ones loved and longed for , my joy and crown , so stand firm in the Lord , beloved ones .
And , brothers , I transferred these things to myself and Apollos because of you , that in us you may learn not to think above what has been written , that you not be puffed up one over the other .
Now the works of the flesh are clearly revealed , which are : adultery , fornication , uncleanness , lustfulness ,

Who are you , O great mountain ? Before Zerubbabel you shall become a plain . And he shall bring forth the capstone with shouts : Grace ! Grace to it !
And he took six hundred chosen chariots , and all the chariots of Egypt , and officers over all of them .
And they having prayed , the place in which they were gathered was shaken , and they were all filled with the Holy Spirit and spoke the Word of God with boldness .
For it is not a useless Word for you , for it is your life , and by this Word you shall prolong your days in the land where you are crossing over the Jordan , there to possess it .
And you have taken your sons and your daughters whom you have borne to Me , and you gave these to them for food . Are your fornications small ?
And the men of the city said to Joash , Bring out your son , and he shall die , because he has broken down the altar of Baal , and because he has cut down the pillar beside it .
And these are the priests and the Levites who went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , and Jeshua : Seraiah , Jeremiah , Ezra ,
And he shall bring it to the sons of Aaron the priest , And he shall take out of it his handful from its flour , and from its oil , with all its frankincense . And the priest shall burn it as incense on the altar , a memorial offering , a fire offering , a soothing fragrance to Jehovah .
And as He was sitting on the Mount of Olives , the disciples came to Him privately , saying , Tell us , when will these things be ? And , What is the sign of Your coming and of the end of the age ?
And Rebekah took the clothing of her elder son Esau , the costly ones which were with her in the house . And she dressed her younger son Jacob ;
But I fear lest by any means , as the serpent deceived Eve in his craftiness , so your thoughts should be corrupted from the purity which is due to Christ .
And I will kindle a fire in the houses of the gods of Egypt . And he shall burn them , and take them captive . And he shall adorn himself with the land of Egypt , as a shepherd covers himself with his robe . And he shall go forth from there in peace .
And remaining among them more than ten days , going down to Caesarea , on the morrow sitting on the tribunal , he ordered Paul to be brought .
The proverbs of Solomon : A wise son makes a father rejoice , but the foolish son is his mother's sorrow .
Jesus said to him , If I desire him to remain until I come , what is that to you ? You follow Me .
But you will be betrayed also by parents , and brothers , and relatives , and friends . And they will put some of you to death .

Your righteousness is like the hills of God ; Your judgments are a great deep ; O Jehovah , You preserve animal and man .
And a man saw and told Joab , and said , Behold ! I saw Absalom hanging in the oak ;
And the king said , And where is the son of your lord ? And Ziba said to the king , Behold , he is staying in Jerusalem , for he said , Today the house of Israel will give back to me the kingdom of my father .
But thanks be to God , who gives the same earnestness for you in the heart of Titus .
And this is the writing that was written : A MINA , A MINA , A SHEKEL , AND HALF MINAS .

And making a whip out of ropes , He threw all out of the temple , both the sheep , and the oxen , and the money changers , pouring out the money and overturning the tables .
and of the tribe of the sons of Asher , Ahihud the ruler , the son of Shelomi ;
The sun also arises , and the sun goes hurrying to its place ; it arises there again .
For He did not put the coming world under angels , about which we speak ,
The cords of death hemmed me in ; and the pains of Sheol found me ; I find distress and sorrow ;

The prisoners are at ease together , they hear not the voice of the slave driver ;
And Amaziah the son of Joash , the king of Judah , lived fifteen years after the death of Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz , the king of Israel .
And the sons of the half tribe of Manasseh lived in the land . They increased from Bashan to Baal-hermon , and Senir , and Mount Hermon .
And coming , He proclaimed " peace to you , the ones afar off , and to the ones near . "
And , behold , some of the scribes said within themselves , This one blasphemes .
Then Jesus came outside , wearing the thorny wreath and the purple mantle . And he said to them , Behold , the Man !
And its thickness was a handbreadth , and its lip like the work of the lip of a cup , like a lily blossom . It received and held three thousand baths .
And not one turns back to his heart , nor has knowledge nor discernment to say , I have burned half of it in the fire ; and I also have baked bread on its coals . I have roasted flesh and have eaten it ; and I have made the rest of it into an idol . Shall I bow to a product of a tree ?
Now , Master , You will let Your slave go in peace according to Your word ;
And Ahishar was over the household . And Adoniram the son of Abda was over the forced labor .
For I judge myself to have come behind the highest apostles in nothing .
And Judah turned . And , behold , the battle was against them before and behind . And they cried to Jehovah , and the priests were blowing with trumpets .

And according to Paul's custom , he went in to them and reasoned with them from the Scriptures on three sabbaths ,
And having called near a certain two of the centurions , he said , Get two hundred soldiers ready , so that they may go to Caesarea , and seventy horsemen , and two hundred spearmen , from the third hour of the night ;
the nineteenth to Pethahiah , the twentieth to Jehezekel ,
And Ner fathered Kish , and Kish fathered Saul . And Saul fathered Jonathan , and Malchishua , and Abinadab , and Eshbaal .
A son of a bow cannot make him flee ; slingstones are turned to stubble by him ;

And Elijah said , As Jehovah of hosts lives , before whom I stand , surely today I will be seen by him .
My boldness toward you is great . My boasting on your behalf is much . I have been filled with comfort ; I overflow with joy on all our trouble .
And now the wise men and the conjurers have been thrust in before me , so that they might read this writing and make the meaning known to me . But they were not able to declare the meaning of the thing .
even as the duty of every day required , offering according to the commandment of Moses , on the sabbaths , and on the new moons , and on the appointed feasts three times in the year , in the Feast of Unleavened Bread , and in the Feast of Weeks , and in the Feast of Booths .
I will call on Jehovah , who is to be praised ; and I shall be saved from my enemies .
Either make the tree good and its fruit good , or make the tree corrupt and its fruit corrupt ; for the tree is known by the fruit .
And they cry with a great voice , saying , Salvation to our God sitting on the throne , and to the Lamb .
And the word of Jehovah was to Jeremiah , saying ,
Ozem the sixth , David the seventh .
And with many other words he earnestly testified and exhorted , saying , Be saved from this perverse generation .



And he went through Syria and Cilicia , making the churches strong .
And in this confidence , I purposed to come to you before now , that you might have a second benefit ,
Or has God gone forth to take to Himself a nation from the midst of a nation , by trials , by signs , and by wonders , and by war , and by a mighty hand , and by a stretched out arm , and by great terrors , according to all that Jehovah your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes ?
For God shut up all in disobedience , that He may show mercy to all .
Save us , O Jehovah our God , and gather us from the nations , to give thanks to Your holy name , to exult in Your praise .
who is waiting for death , but it is not ; and they dig for it more than for treasures ?
and He rode on a cherub , and He flew ; yea He soared on the wings of the wind ;
Also every sickness and every plague which is not written in the book of this law , Jehovah shall cause them to come on you until you are destroyed .
And in the fourteenth day of the first month is the Passover of Jehovah .
Deliver me from the workers of evil , and save me from bloody men .
I have foretold the former things from then ; and they went out of My mouth ; and I made them hear ; suddenly I acted , and they came about .
And Abigail bore Amasa : And the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmaelite .

For the Levites had abandoned their pasture land and their property . And they came to Judah and to Jerusalem ; for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them out from acting as priests to Jehovah .
And he was seeking to see Jesus , who He is . And he was not able , because of the crowd , and he was little in stature .
he made him lord of his house , and ruler over all he owned ;


And Jehovah rejected all the seed of Israel , and afflicted them , and gave them into the hand of the plunderers , until He had cast them out from His presence .
For they had before seen Trophimus the Ephesian in the city with him , whom they supposed that Paul brought into the temple .
Be gracious to me , O Jehovah , for I am in trouble ; my eye has wasted away with grief , my soul and my belly .
The ephah and the bath shall be one measure , that the bath may contain the tenth of the homer , and the tenth of the homer the ephah . Its measure shall be to the homer .

The one saying not to commit adultery , do you commit adultery ? The one detesting the idols , do you rob temples ?

they shall not make their heads bald , and they shall not shave the corner of their beard ; and they shall not make a cutting in their flesh ;
that all the people returned to the camp in peace , to at Makkedah . Not one sharpened his tongue against the sons of Israel , against any man .
And he thought his brothers would understand that God would give them deliverance by his hand . But they did not understand .

And they brought the tabernacle to Moses , the tent and all its vessels , its hooks , its boards , it bars , and its pillars , and its sockets ,
Your lips , My spouse , drip like the honeycomb ; honey and milk are under your tongue . And the scent of your garments is like the scent of Lebanon .
I have yet many things to tell you , but you are not able to bear now .
He who commits adultery with a woman lacks heart ; he who does it is a destroyer of his own soul .
Is this one not the carpenter , the son of Mary , and brother of James and Joseph and Judas and Simon ? And are not his sisters here with us ? And they were offended in Him .
and that we may be delivered from perverse and evil men . For faith is not in all .
And David was the youngest . And the three eldest had gone after Saul .
And she said , Sit , my daughter , until you shall know how the matter falls , for the man shall not rest until he has finished the matter today .
And I will give you shepherds according to My heart , who will feed you with knowledge and understanding .
And the king of Syria was fighting against Israel , and rose up with his servants , saying , At such and such a place shall be my camp .
And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day . And if the plague has spread in the garment , or in the warp , or in the woof , or in the leather , of all that is made of skin for use , the plague is a corroding leprosy ; it is unclean .
Then do not let any despise him , but set him forward in peace , that he may come to me ; for I am waiting for him with the brothers .
Isaiah said these things when he saw His glory , and spoke about Him .
And the woman conceived , and sent , and told David . And she said , I am with child .
This shall be yours of the most holy things , from the fire : every offering of theirs , even every food offering of theirs , and every sin offering of theirs , and every guilt offering of theirs , which they may render to Me ; it shall be most holy to you , and to your sons .
And from Tibhath and from Chun , cities of Hadarezer , David brought very much bronze ( with it Solomon made the bronze sea , and the pillars , and the vessels of bronze ) .
O Jehovah the Lord , the strength of my salvation , You have covered my head in the day of armor .
For with You is the fountain of life ; in Your light we see light .

And seeing this , she was disturbed at his word , and considered what kind of greeting this might be .
The one practicing sin is of the Devil , because the Devil sins from the beginning . For this the Son of God was revealed , that He undo the works of the Devil .
And it happened , when our enemies heard that it was known to us , and that God had broken their counsel , all of us returned to the wall , each one to his work .
And David rose up from the earth , and bathed , and anointed . And he changed his clothing , and came into the house of Jehovah , and worshiped . And he came to his house , and commanded , and they brought bread for him ; and he ate .
And also another said , I will follow You , Lord , but first allow me to take leave of those in my house .
And they said to him , Lord , he has ten minas .
And four great beasts came up from the sea , different from one another .
And struck them from Kadesh-barnea , even to Gaza , and all the land of Goshen , even to Gibeon .
He being wounded , crushed , or cut in his male member shall not enter into the assembly of Jehovah .
whose voice shook the earth then , but now He has promised , saying , " Yet once " " I will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens . "
Righteous Father , indeed the world did not know You , but I knew You ; and these have known that You sent Me .
They have deeply corrupted , as in days of Gibeah . He will remember their iniquity ; He will punish their sins .
and in vain they worship Me , teaching as doctrines the commandments of men . "
I am not worthy of all the mercies and all the truth which You have done for Your servant , for I passed over this Jordan with my staff , and now I have become two companies .

And , behold , seven cows were going up from the River , fat of flesh and beautiful of form , and were feeding in the reeds .
Behold , we call those blessed who endure . You have heard of the patience of Job , and you saw the end of the Lord , " that the Lord is full of tender mercy and pity . "
If I despised the cause of my male slave or my slave-girl when they contended with me ,
And a room , one reed long and one reed wide , and between the rooms were five cubits . And the threshold of the gate from beside the porch of the gate , from the house , was one reed .
And when evening came , He went outside the city .
And by the border of Gad to the south side southward , from Tamar to the waters of Meriboth-kadesh , to the torrent to the Great Sea .

a fountain of gardens , a well of living waters ; even flowings from Lebanon .
And the days that the plague shall be in him , he is unclean ; he shall live alone , he is unclean ; his dwelling shall be at the outside of the camp .
The sea is His , and He made it , and His hands formed the dry land .
And the bullock , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire , at the outside of the camp , as Jehovah had commanded Moses .
You will test my heart ; You will visit in the night ; You will refine me ; You will find nothing ; my thoughts do not pass beyond my mouth .
then I shall pluck them up from off My land that I have given them , and this house that I have sanctified for My name I shall cast away from before My face , and I shall give it for a proverb and a byword among all the nations .
Israel is a luxuriant vine ; he bears fruit for himself . According to the plenty of his fruit he has increased the altars . They have made beautiful images according to the goodness of his land .
And Zimri came in and struck him , and killed him in the twenty seventh year of Asa the king of Judah , and reigned in his place .

But I exhort you , brothers . You know the house of Stephanas , that it is the firstfruit of Achaia , and they appointed themselves to ministry to the saints .
And it will be , when the Lord has broken off all His work on Mount Zion and on Jerusalem , I will visit on the fruit of the proud heart of the king of Assyria , and on the glory of his lofty eyes .

As for the word that you have spoken to us in the name of Jehovah , we will not listen to you .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,

Yes , He loves the peoples ; all His holy ones are in Your hand ; and they sit down at Your feet ; He lifts up each at Your words .
And He said , The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be different from all kingdoms , and shall devour all the earth , and shall trample it down and crush it .
For , lo , the days come , says Jehovah , that I will turn the captivity of My people Israel and Judah , says Jehovah ; and I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to their fathers , and they shall possess it .
Each man helps his neighbor , and says to his brother , Be strong .
We have an altar of which those serving the tabernacle have no authority to eat .
And when that One comes , He will convict the world concerning sin , and concerning righteousness , and concerning judgment .
And the heifer shall be burned before his eyes ; her skin , and her flesh , and her blood with her dung , shall be burned .
You shall not give silver to him with interest , and you shall not give your food for increase .

Earnestly study to present yourself approved to God , a workman unashamed , rightly dividing the Word of Truth .
And I will give to you one spur of land beyond your brothers , which I took from the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow .
And from the sons of Elam : Mattaniah , Zechariah , and Jehiel , and Abdi , and Jeremoth , and Eliah .
But seeing , the Pharisees said to Him , Behold , your disciples are doing what it is not lawful to do on the sabbath .
For let each one of us please his neighbor for good , to building up .

And Irad was born to Enoch ; and Irad fathered Mehujael And Mehujael fathered Methusael ; and Methusael fathered Lamech .
And Saul sent the messengers to see David , saying , Bring him up to me in the bed , to kill him .
far be it from me , by Jehovah , from putting forth my hand against the anointed of Jehovah . And now , please take the spear at his head-place , and the jar of water , and we will go .
And He was proclaiming in their synagogues in all Galilee , and casting out the demons .
Stay in this land , and I will be with you and bless you , for to you and to your seed I will give all these lands . And I will cause to rise My oath which I swore to your father Abraham .
For He taught His disciples , and said to them , The Son of man is betrayed into the hands of men , and they will kill Him . And being killed , He will rise up the third day .
Therefore I have boasting in Christ Jesus as to the things pertaining to God .
For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again , even so God will also bring with Him all those who have fallen asleep through Jesus .
But you shall cling to Jehovah your God , as you have done until today .
And God said to Abraham , You shall not call your wife Sarai by her name Sarai , for Sarah shall be her name ;
And having announced the gospel to that city , and having made many disciples , they returned to Lystra and Iconium and Antioch ,
Behold , He goes by me , and I do not see Him ; and He passes on , but I do not perceive Him .
Save Me from the lion's mouth ; and from the horns of the wild oxen . You have answered Me .

Also , we put commands on ourselves , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God ,
So says the Lord Jehovah : If the prince gives a gift to sons of his inheritance , it shall be to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .

Or can a man walk on hot coals and his feet not be burned ?
And all the congregation made a covenant in the house of God with the king , and he said to them , Behold , the king's son shall reign , as Jehovah has spoken of the sons of David .
Samaria is cut off ; her king is as a bough on the face of the water .
The wicked have laid a snare for me ; yet I do not wander from Your precepts .
Then he said to them , Go eat the fat , and drink of the sweet , and send portions to him for whom nothing is prepared . For this day is holy to our Lord . And do not be sorry , for the joy of Jehovah is your stronghold .
And you shall put there the ark of testimony . And you shall cover the ark with the veil .
Also you shall not go into the house of feasting , to sit with them to eat and drink .
And now , behold , Adonijah reigns . And now , my lord O king , you have not known .
Let Jehovah , the God of the spirits of all flesh , appoint a man over the congregation
So says Jehovah , Again there shall be heard in this place , which you say shall be waste without man and without beast , in the cities of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem that are desolate without man , without inhabitant , and without beast ,
And he bearing the news answered and said , Israel has fled before the Philistines ; and also there has been a great slaughter among the people . And also your two sons have died , Hophni and Phinehas . And the ark of God has been taken .
And the one swearing by the Holy Place swears by it , and by the One dwelling in it .
And he came to him , and , lo , he stood by his burnt offering , and Moab's chiefs with him . And he said to him , What has Jehovah spoken ?
And I will take you for Myself for a people , and I will be a God for you . And you shall know that I am Jehovah your God , the One bringing you out from under the burdens of Egypt .
And He said to them , Surely you will speak this parable to Me , Physician , heal yourself . What things we heard were happening in Capernaum , do also here in your native place .
Because of this , behold , I send to you prophets and wise ones and scribes . And some of them you will kill and crucify , and some of them you will flog in your synagogues and will persecute from city to city ;

For , lo , those who are far from You shall be lost ; You have cut off all who go whoring away from You .
Can you draw out the leviathan with a hook , or hold down his tongue with a cord ?
And Jehovah said to me , Son of man , set your heart and see with your eyes , and hear with your ears all that I say to you of all the statutes of the house of Jehovah , and of all its laws . And set your heart to the entrance of the house , with all the exits of the sanctuary .
And he did that which was evil in the eyes of Jehovah , and walked in the way of Jeroboam , and in his sin that he caused Israel to sin .
And seeing , Simon Peter fell at the knees of Jesus , saying , Depart from me , for I am a sinful man , Lord .

But answering , He said , It is not good to take the bread of the children to throw it to the little dogs .
And a writing came to him from Elijah the prophet , saying , So says Jehovah , the God of your father David , Because you have not walked in the ways of your father Jehoshaphat , and in the ways of Asa the king of Judah ,
And on this , His disciples came and marveled that He was speaking with a woman . However , no one said , What do you seek ? Or , Why do You speak with her ?
And Jonathan said , Behold , we will cross over to the men and show ourselves to them .

Oh that my words were now written ! Oh that they were engraved in a book !
The righteous hates lying , but the wicked is odious and acts shamefully .
And crying out with a loud voice , they held their ears and rushed on him with one passion .
Behold , you are beautiful , My love . Behold , you are beautiful ; your eyes as doves' .
Then they indeed departed from the presence of the sanhedrin , rejoicing that they were deemed worthy to be dishonored on behalf of His name .
avoiding this , lest anyone should blame us in this bounty being ministered by us ;
And all the people of war with him went up and drew near , and came before the city . And they camped on the north of Ai , and the valley was between him and Ai .
" to do judgment against all , and to rebuke all " the ungodly of them concerning all their ungodly works which : they ungodly " did , " and concerning all the hard things ungodly sinners spoke against Him . "
And it happened , when they had heard all the words , they turned each man to his companion in fear . And they said to Baruch , We will surely tell all these words to the king .
And this I pray , that your love may yet abound more and more in full knowledge and all perception ,
Like a swift or a crane , so I chatter . I moan as the dove ; my eyes look weakly to the heights , O Jehovah ; it presses me down ; be surety for me !
Timothy , my fellowworker , and Lucius , and Jason , and Sosipater , my kinsmen , greet you .
the king of Jarmuth , one ; the king of Lachish , one ;
For this is good and acceptable before God our deliverer ,
They shall fall in the midst of the slain of the sword . She is given to the sword , they draw her and all her multitudes .
He alone is my rock and my salvation , my strong tower ; I shall not be shaken .
And after these things , Joseph from Arimathea , being a disciple of Jesus , but concealed because of fear of the Jews , asked Pilate that he might take the body of Jesus . And Pilate gave permission . Then he came and took the body of Jesus .
And they spoke to David , saying , Behold , the Philistines are fighting against Keilah , and they are plundering the threshing floors .
And they returned to Joshua , and said to him , Do not let all the people go up . Let about two thousand men , or about three thousand men , go up , and they shall strike Ai . Do not cause all the people to labor there , for they are few .
Your mercy , O Jehovah , is in the heavens ; Your faithfulness to the dust clouds .
The sower went out to sow his seed . And as he sowed , some fell by the roadside and was trampled ; and the birds of the heaven ate it .
Have you given the horse its strength : have you clothed its neck with a mane
And I contended with them , and put a curse on them , and struck some of them , and I plucked their hair . And I made them swear by the name of God , saying , You shall not give your daughter to their sons , nor take their daughters to your sons , or for yourselves .
to a hundred talents of silver , and to a hundred kors of wheat , and to a hundred baths of wine , and to a hundred baths of oil , and salt without stipulation .
And over the tribes of Israel , the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri . Shephatiah the son of Maachah was over the Simeonites .
and the covenant that I have made with you , you shall not forget , and you shall not fear other gods ;
They scoff and speak in malice ; from on high they speak cruelty .
And they captured it and its king , and all its cities . And they struck them by the mouth of the sword , and destroyed every person in it ; he did not leave a survivor . As he did to Hebron , so he did to Debir , and to its king ; even as he did to Libnah , and to its king .
The west side , four thousand and five hundred , their gates three : the gate of Gad , one ; the gate of Asher , one ; the gate of Naphtali , one .
The way of the wicked is hateful to Jehovah , but He loves him who pursues righteousness .
And He said , Come ! And going down from the boat , Peter walked on the waters to go to Jesus .
I will surely bless her food ; I will satisfy her poor with food .
And I became as a Jew to the Jews , that I might gain Jews ; to those under Law as under Law , that I might gain those under Law ;

And who of you by being anxious is able to add one cubit to his stature ?
If they were wise , they would understand this ; they would consider their latter end .
But when all things are subjected to Him , then the Son Himself also will be subjected to the One who has subjected all things to Him , that God may be all things in all .
Then as the darnel is gathered and is consumed in the fire , so it will be in the end of this age .
And if he is taken into a city , then all Israel shall bear ropes to that city . And we shall draw it into the torrent bed , until there shall not be found even a pebble .
And he said to her , What is his appearance ? And she said , An old man is coming up , and he is covered with a robe . And Saul knew that he was Samuel . And he bowed his face to the earth , and prostrated himself .
And being in torments in Hell , lifting up his eyes , he sees Abraham afar off and Lazarus in his bosoms .
And Abraham fathered Isaac . The sons of Isaac were Esau and Israel .
And Joseph made the sons of Israel swear , saying , God will surely visit you , and you will bring up my bones from here .
And He said to them , Does the lamp come that it may be put under the grain measure , or under the bed ? Is it not also that it may be put on the lampstand ?

Blessed are you when men hate you , and when they cut you off , and will reproach you , and will cast out your name as evil , on account of the Son of man ;

And He said to me , Son of man , all My words which I speak to you , receive into your heart , and hear with your ears .
And He also spoke a parable to them to teach it is always right to pray , and not to faint ,
And he will set the blow of his ram against your walls , and he will break down your towers with his axes .
One holding back grain , the people curse him ; but a blessing is to the head of one selling grain .
And when Jehovah your God shall give them up before you , and you strike them , then you shall utterly destroy them ; you shall not cut a covenant with them , nor show mercy to them ;
And his brothers by their families , in the genealogy of their generations : Jeiel the chief ; also Zechariah ;
And Jehovah heard the voice of your words when you spoke to me . And Jehovah said to me I have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you ; they have well said all that they have spoken .

Out of Asher his bread shall be fat , and he shall give a king's delicacies .

And the people said to Joshua , We will serve Jehovah our God , and we will listen to His voice .
And David was then in the stronghold , and the command post of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem .

For the day of vengeance is in My heart , and the year of My redeemed has come .
And Jehovah appeared to him by the oaks of Mamre . And he was sitting at the door of the tent in the heat of the day .

and the border went down to the end of the mountain that is before the valley of the son of Hinnom , which is in the Valley of the Giants northward , and went down the valley of Hinnom to the side of the Jebusite on the south , and went down to En-rogel .
If I said , My foot slides , O Jehovah , Your mercy has held me up .
Pass over to them , O dweller of Shaphir , in nakedness of shame . The dweller of Zaanan has not gone out ; the mourning of Bethezel shall take from you its place of standing .
The Father loves the Son and has given all things into His hand .
And I shall blow with a ram's horn , I and all who are with me . And you shall blow with the ram's horns , you also all around the camp , and shall shout , For Jehovah and for Gideon !
Woe to me , my mother , that you have borne me , a man of strife , and a man of contention to the whole earth ! I have not loaned , nor have they loaned to me ; yet everyone curses me .
And it was on the next day that Pashur released from the stocks . Then said to him , Jehovah has not called your name Pashur , but Terror from All Around .
And they made two gold plaitings and two golden rings ; and they put the two rings on the two ends of the breast pocket .
he is a double-souled man , not dependable in all his ways .

He answered and said , Behold ! I see four men loose , walking in the middle of the fire , and there is no harm among them . And the form of the fourth is like a son of the gods .
In the secrecy of Your presence You shall hide them from man's plots ; You shall cover them in a booth , from the strife of tongues .
But running under an islet being called Clauda , we were hardly able to get mastery of the boat ;

And after him were Gabbai , Sallai , nine hundred and twenty eight .
Will You terrify a leaf driven to and fro ? Will you pursue the dry stubble ?
And the king said to them , I will do that which is good in your eyes . And the king stood at the side of the gate , and all the people went out by hundreds and by thousands .
And the spirits of prophets are subject to prophets .

And he made the strongholds stronger , and put commanders in them , and treasures of food and oil and wine .
The fishermen shall mourn ; and all who cast a hook into the Nile shall wall ; and those who spread nets on the surface of the waters shall droop .
And the days of David drew near for him to die . And he commanded his son Solomon , saying ,
And they laid their hands on Him and seized Him .
These are the names of Aaron's sons , the anointed priests whose hands he consecrated to act as priests .
And I have declared it to you this day , but you have not obeyed the voice of Jehovah your God , or anything for which He has sent me to you .
For the fool speaks foolishness , and his heart works iniquity , to do ungodliness ; and to speak error against Jehovah , to make the hungry soul empty ; and he causes the drink of the thirsty to fail .

Then He appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , of whom the most remain until now , but some also fell asleep .
And they said each to his brother , We are truly guilty because of our brother whom we saw in distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we did not hear . So this pain has come to us .

And another company turned the way to Beth-horon ; and another company turned to the way of the border looking down on the valley of Zeboim toward the wilderness .
For he sought to the God of his father , and he walked in His commands , and not according to the deeds of Israel .
At the sound of Babylon's capture , the earth shall tremble , and a cry is heard among the nations .
Has not Hezekiah himself removed His high places , and His altars , and commanded Judah and Jerusalem , saying , Before one altar you shall worship , and on it you shall burn incense .
And as to that you saw , the feet and the toes were partly of potters' clay and partly of iron , the kingdom shall be divided . But there shall be in it the strength of iron , because you saw the iron mixed with clay of the potter .
and their feet were straight feet , and the sole of their feet like the sole of a calf's foot . And they sparkled like the color of burnished copper .
Take heed to yourselves , that you not forget the covenant of Jehovah your God , which He has made with you , and make to yourselves a graven image , a likeness of anything which Jehovah your God has forbidden you .

And all Israel , and its elders , and authorities , and its judges were standing on this side , the alien as well as the homeborn , and on that of the ark , before the priests , the Levites , who bore the ark of the covenant of Jehovah , half of them in front of Mount Gerizim , and half of them in front of Mount Ebal , as Moses the servant of Jehovah had commanded at the first , that they should bless the people of Israel .
I wait for Jehovah ; my soul waits , and I hope for His word .
Make yourself bald , and cut off your hair for the sons of your delight . Make your baldness increase like the eagle , for they go into exile from you .

You who dwell in the gardens , the companions are listening to your voice ; cause me to hear it .
that you should take it to its boundary , and that you should perceive the paths to its house ?
For they are not able to die any more ; they are equal to angels , and are sons of God , being sons of the resurrection .
For , lo , I will raise up a shepherd in the land ; he shall not visit those who are cut off , nor will he seek the young , nor will he heal that which is broken , nor will he sustain that which stands . But he shall eat the flesh of the fat , and tear off their hoofs .
All things I have seen in the days of my vanity ; there is a just man who perishes in his righteousness , and there is a wicked one who prolongs his life in his evil .
But the chief priests and the elders persuaded the crowds , that they should ask for Barabbas , and to destroy Jesus .
then his father and his mother shall lay hold on him and bring him out to the elders of his city , and to the gate of his place ;

And I saw no temple in it , for the Lord God Almighty is its temple , even the Lamb .
And the rest of the acts of Nadab , and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?
And you have multiplied your fornication in the land of Canaan , to the Chaldean , and yet you were not satisfied with this .

they hurt his feet with chains ; his soul came into iron ;
And Ahithophel said to Absalom , Please let me choose twelve thousand men , and I shall rise up and pursue David tonight .
I will plant it in a high mountain of Israel . And it will bear boughs and produce fruit and will become a majestic cedar . And every bird of every wing shall dwell under it ; they shall dwell in the shadow of its branches .
And Elisha came to Damascus . And Ben-hadad the king of Syria was sick . And he was told , saying , The man of God has come here .

and by weight , for the lampstands of gold , and their lamps of gold , with the weight of each lampstand and its lamps . Also for the lampstands of silver by weight , with the weight of each lampstand , and its lamps , according to the service of each lampstand .
Then , lo , joy and gladness , slaying oxen and slaughtering sheep ; eating flesh and drinking wine , saying , Eat and drink , for tomorrow we die !
And Abimelech came to the tower and fought against it . And he drew near to the door of the tower in order to burn it with fire .
Because " all flesh is as grass , and all the glory of men as the flower of grass ; the grass was dried , and its flower fell out ,
The words of king Lemuel , the burden that his mother taught him :
And desiring to kill him , he feared the multitude , because they held him as a prophet .
For evils have surrounded me until there is no number ; my iniquities have taken hold on me and I am not able to look up ; they are more than the hairs of my head , and my heart fails me .

Therefore , let us exert ourselves to enter into that rest , that not anyone fall in the same example of disobedience .

And their slain shall be thrown out ; and the stench from their carcasses shall rise ; and the mountains shall be melted with their blood .
And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and his father Hamor , speaking with deceit because he had defiled their sister Dinah .
But of them I will leave a number of men from the sword , from the famine , and from the plague , so that they may declare all their abominations among the nations , there where they go . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses and to Aaron , saying ,

Jehovah lives ! And blessed be my Rock ! And let the God of my salvation be exalted !
And Hiram said , Blessed be Jehovah , the God of Israel , who has made the heavens and the earth , who has given to David the king a wise son , knowing discretion and understanding , who will build a house for Jehovah , and a house for his kingdom .
And Ahimelech answered the king and said , And who among all your servants is as David the faithful , and son-in-law of the king ; who does your bidding , and is honorable in all your house ?
The wicked is thrust out in his wickedness , but the righteous has hope in his death .
And the anger of Jehovah glowed against Israel . And He gave them over into the hand of Chushanrishathaim , and the sons of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years .
one Lord , one faith , one baptism ,
As for me , it is good for me to draw near to God ; I have made my refuge in the Lord Jehovah , to declare all Your works .
And for a time he would not . But after these things he said to himself , Even if I do not fear God , and do not respect man ,
And when we burned incense to the queen of heaven and poured out drink offerings to her , did we make her cakes to worship her , and pour out drink offerings to her , without our men ?
And the men who had been called by name rose and took the captives , and they clothed all the naked ones from the spoil ; yea , they clothed them and shod them , and made them eat and drink , and anointed them , and led them out on asses , even every feeble one , and brought them to Jericho , the city of palms , near their brothers , and returned to Samaria .
And you will go before me to Gilgal . And , behold ! I will come down to you to offer burnt offerings , to sacrifice peace offerings . You will wait seven days until I come to you and make known to you what you shall do .
And king Rehoboam made himself strong in Jerusalem , and reigned . For Rehoboam was a son of forty one years when he began to reign , and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem , the city that Jehovah had chosen to put His name there , out of all the tribes of Israel . And his mother's name was Naamah the Ammonitess .
The sons of Esau : Eliphaz , Reuel , and Jeush , and Jaalam , and Korah .
And he hanged the chief of the bakers , as Joseph interpreted to them .
Do not let my heart turn aside to any evil thing , to practice deeds in wickedness with men who do evil ; and do not let me eat of their delicacies .
And hearing , Jesus said to them , Those who are strong have no need of a physician , but those who have illness . I did not come to call the righteous to repentance , but sinners .
And you shall give to the priests of the Levites , ( they who are from the seed of Zadok , who approach to Me ) , declares the Lord Jehovah , to minister to Me , a bull , a son of the herd , for a sin offering .
And in those days it happened that the Philistines gathered their armies for warfare , to fight against Israel . And Achish said to David , You shall surely go out with me in the army , you and our men .
And when Abram was ninety nine years old , Jehovah appeared to Abram and said to him , I am the Almighty God ! Walk before me and be perfect ;
but he is a Jew that is one inwardly , and circumcision is of heart , in spirit , not in letter ; of whom the praise is not from men , but from God .
For I testify to them that they have zeal to God , but not according to knowledge .
But someone will say , How are the dead raised ? And with what body do they come ?
And after her , he took Maachah the daughter of Absalom , and she bore to him Abijah , and Attai , and Ziza , and Shelomith .
And it happened , when they spoke daily to him , and he did not listen to them , they told Haman , to see if Mordecai's matters would stand . For he had told them that he was a Jew .
So that field was called Field of Blood until today .
they are turned back ; they are ashamed with shame , those trusting in the carved image , who say to cast images , You are our gods .
But the man that shall be unclean , and shall not purify himself , that soul shall be cut off from the midst of the congregation , because he has defiled the sanctuary of Jehovah ; the water for impurity has not been sprinkled on him ; he shall be unclean .
Did not your fathers do this , and did not our God bring all this evil on us and on this city ? Yet you bring more wrath on Israel by defiling the Sabbath .
I have set My bow in the cloud , and it shall be a sign of a covenant between Me and the earth .
and the stork , the heron according to its kind , and the hoopoe , and the bat .
It shall be until Jehovah shall give rest to your brothers like yourselves , and they , too , have possessed the land which Jehovah your God is giving to them beyond the Jordan . Then you shall each man return to his possession which I have given to you .
And the sons are stiff of face and hard of heart . I am sending you to them . And you shall say to them , So says the Lord Jehovah .
and with them Heman and Jeduthun , and the rest that were chosen , who were designated by name , to give thanks to Jehovah , because His mercy endures forever ;
Its sound is like a serpent's going , for they shall go in force , and come against her with axes , like woodcutters .
But even if I am unskilled in speech , yet not in knowledge . But in every way I have been clearly revealed to you in all things .
of the sons of Joseph , of the tribe of the sons of Manasseh , Hanniel the ruler , the son of Ephod ;
And they shall not shave their heads , and they shall not send forth long hair ; they shall surely trim their heads .
and My people , on whom My name is called , shall be humbled , and shall pray , and shall seek My face , and shall turn back from their evil ways , then I will hear from Heaven , and will forgive their sin , and will heal their land .
Naphtali did not expel the inhabitants of Beth-shemesh , and the inhabitants of Beth-anath , and they lived among the Canaanites , the inhabitants of the land . But the inhabitants of Beth-shemesh and Beth-anath became burden bearers to them .
And the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of Jehovah the God of Israel .
And the lord said to the slave , Go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in , so that my house may be filled .
For if the word spoken by angels was confirmed , and every transgression and disobedience received a just repayment ;

My son , listen to my words ; bow your ear to what I say ;
For He has broken the gates of bronze ; and He cut bars of iron in two .

Also , on the tenth of this seventh month shall be a day of atonement ; there shall be a holy gathering , and you shall humble your souls and shall bring a fire offering to Jehovah .
For , behold , Jehovah commands , and He will strike the great house into pieces , and the little house into cracks .
Like a holy flock , like the flock of Jerusalem in her appointed feasts , so the wasted cities shall be filled with flocks of men . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
Or did I commit sin , humbling myself that you might be exalted , because I preached the gospel of God to you without charge ?
And amazement seized all , and they glorified God , and were filled with fear , saying , We saw wonderful things today .

And it happened in the first month , in the second year , on the first of the month , the tabernacle was raised up .
cargo of gold , and silver , and of precious stone , and of pearls , and of fine linen , and of purple , and of silk , and of scarlet , and all thyine wood , and every ivory vessel , and every vessel of very precious wood , and of bronze , and of iron , and of marble ,
to speak evil of no one , not quarrelsome , but forbearing , having displayed all meekness to all men .
For they have not listened to My words , says Jehovah , which I sent to them by My servants the prophets , rising up early and sending ; but you would not hear , says Jehovah .
Behold , I am sending My messenger , and He will clear the way before Me . And the Lord whom you are seeking shall suddenly come to His temple , even the Angel of the Covenant , in whom you delight . Behold , He comes , says Jehovah of hosts .
And he did the right in the eyes of Jehovah , according to all that his father David did .
Salma the father of Bethlehem ; Hareph the father of Beth-gader .
From the Graves of Lust the people pulled up to go to Hazeroth , and they remained in Hazeroth .
For the sons of Israel shall stay many days with no king and no ruler , and with no sacrifice , and no pillars , and no ephod or teraphim .
Speak to the sons of Israel , saying , If a woman has conceived seed , and has borne a male , then she shall be unclean seven days ; as on the days of her menstrual impurity she shall be unclean .
So I have given her into the hand of her lovers , into the hand of the sons of Assyria on whom she lusted .
For all the nations of the world seek after these things , and your Father knows that you need these things .
I have sent a plague among you in the way of Egypt ; I have killed your young men with the sword and your horses with captivity . And I have made the stench of your camps to come up even into your nostrils ; yet you have not returned to Me , declares Jehovah .
And I will set a sign among them , and I will send those who escape from them to the nations of Tarshish , Pul , and Lud , drawers of the bow ; to Tubal and Javan , to the far away coasts that have not heard My fame nor seen My glory . And they shall declare My glory among the nations .
And I will plant them on their land , and they shall never again be pulled up out of their land which I have given to them , says Jehovah your God .
And Jehovah said to Me , Throw it to the potter , the magnificent price at which I was valued by them . And I took the thirty pieces of silver and threw it to the potter in the house of Jehovah .
And Jesus said , Make the men to recline . And much grass was in the place . Then the men reclined , the number was about five thousand .
Wait on Jehovah and keep His way , and He shall exalt you to inherit the earth ; you shall see when the wicked are cut off .
And if a man hates his neighbor , and lies in wait for him , and rises up against him , and strikes his life from him , so that he dies , and flees to one of these cities ,
and set up for themselves pillars and Asherahs on every high hill , and under every green tree ;
But the Mediator is not of one , but God is one .
and the seventh day shall be a sabbath to Jehovah your God . You shall not do any work , you nor your son , nor your daughter , nor your male slave , nor your female slave , nor your ox , nor your ass , nor any of your livestock , nor your stranger that is within your gates ; so that your male slave and your female slave may rest like yourself .
You have ravished My heart , My sister , My spouse ; you have ravished My heart with one of your eyes , with one chain of your neck .
And the wife of Gilead bore sons to him . And the sons of the wife grew up , and they threw Jephthah out , and said to him , You shall not inherit in the house of your father , for you are the son of another woman .
Then are you not the Egyptian who before these days caused a riot , and led four thousand men of the assassins out into the desert ?

Woe to you , scribes and Pharisees ! Hypocrites ! For you are as the unseen tombs , and the men walking above do not know .
whom God set forth as a propitiation through faith in His blood , for a showing forth of His righteousness through the passing by of the sins that had taken place before , in the forbearance of God ,
For by me your days shall be multiplied , and the years of your life shall be increased .
And he did that which was evil in the eyes of Jehovah ; only not like his father and his mother . For he put away the pillar of Baal that his father had made .
And out of the throne come forth lightnings and thunders and voices . And seven lamps of fire are burning before the throne , which are the seven Spirits of God ;

And in the time of her bearing , behold , it happened ! Twins were in her womb .
Or what man of you is there , if his son should ask a loaf of him , will he give him a stone ?
kings of the earth and all people , princes and all judges of the earth ,
The poor and the injurious man meet together . Jehovah enlightens the eyes of both .

And placing the knees , he cried out with a loud voice , Lord , do not make stand this sin to them . And saying this , he fell asleep .
And they said , This is blood . The kings surely have fought one another , and they each man struck his neighbor . And now to the plunder , Moab !
And as it was in the days of Noah , so also it will be in the days of the Son of man .
Shall any take him before his eyes , or pierce his nose with snares ?
And the ruin of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together . And those who forsake Jehovah shall be consumed .
Who is this who comes from Edom with dyed garments from Bozrah , this One adorned in His clothing , bending in His great power ? It is I , speaking in righteousness , mighty to save !
For it is better , if the will of God wills it , to suffer for doing good than for doing evil .
He has not given his silver at interest ; nor has he taken a bribe against the innocent ; he who does these things shall not be shaken forever .
the chiliarch ordered to bring him into the fortress , saying for him to be examined with scourges , that he may know for what crime they cried out so against him .

From their fruits you shall know them . Do they gather grapes from thorns , or figs from thistles ?
Simon recounted how even as at first God oversaw to take a people out from among the nations for His name .
And the Angel of Jehovah said to him , Why do you ask this about My name ? Yea , it is Wonderful .
Praise Him , O heavens of heavens ; and O waters that are above the heavens .
Like a dream at the time from dreaming , O Lord , in awaking You will despise their image .
And if anyone builds on this foundation gold , silver , precious stones , wood , grass , straw ,
But because Jehovah loved you , and because He kept the oath which He swore to your fathers , Jehovah has caused you to go out with a strong hand , and redeemed you from the house of slaves , from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt .

And Jehovah rooted them out of their land in anger and wrath , and in great indignation , and cast them into another land , as it this day .


a generation whose teeth are like swords , and its jaw teeth like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
If we built an altar for ourselves to turn away from following after Jehovah , or to sacrifice on it burnt offering and food offering , or to offer on it sacrifices of peace , may Jehovah Himself require it .
And this is a second thing you have done : covering the altar of Jehovah with tears , with weeping and groaning ; yet not facing toward the food offering , and taking it with delight from your hand .
And said to them , You shall say this to your master , So says Jehovah : Do not fear the words which you have heard , with which the followers of the king of Assyria have blasphemed Me
And all Israel shall hear and fear , and shall not again do any such wicked thing as this among you .
and the priests were not able to go into the house of Jehovah , because the glory of Jehovah had filled the house of Jehovah .
And I brought them into the house of Jehovah , into the room of the sons of Hanan , the son of Igdaliah , a man of God , which was near the room of the rulers , above the room of Maaseiah the son of Shallum , the keeper of the threshold .
I will send My terror before you , and I will confound all the people among whom you come . And I will give the neck of your enemies to you .
Then the king's color was changed , and his thoughts troubled him , so that the joints of his loins shook , and his knees knocked one against the other .
And He said to him , What is your name ? And he said , Jacob .
And you shall be brought low ; you shall speak from the ground ; and your speech shall be bowed down ; and your voice shall be from the ground , like a spiritist ; and your speech shall chirp out of the dust .
Surely He turned against me ; He turns His hand all the day .
And it happened , when Baasha heard , he ceased building Ramah , and dwelt in Tirzah .
Pushing , you pushed me to fall ; but Jehovah helped me .
And he placed the engraved image of the idol that he had made in the house of God , of which God had said to David , and to his son Solomon , In this house , and in Jerusalem that I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel , I will put My name forever .

Do not judge , that you may not be judged ;
And the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat , the first and the last , behold , they are written in the words of Jehu the son of Hanani , which were taken up in the Book of the Kings of Israel .
Then I also will confess to you that your right hand can save you .
A revealer of secrets walks about as a gossip , so do not meddle with him who opens his lips wide .
And also His wrath glows against me , and to Himself He counts me as His foe .
I go before the dawn of day and cry ; I hope in Your word .
And the two doors were of fir wood ; the two sides of the one door were folding , and the two leaves of the other door were folding .
And as He spoke these things , it happened that a certain woman lifted up her voice out of the crowd and said to Him , Blessed is the womb having borne You and the breasts which You sucked .
and against every tall tower ; and against every fortified wall ;

And as they were going out from Jericho , a great crowd followed Him .
Yet Jehovah has not given to you a heart to know , and eyes to see , and ears to hear , until this day .
With these you shall push Syria until you have consumed them . And all the prophets were prophesying so , saying , Go up to Ramoth-gilead and prosper . And , Jehovah has given it into the king's hand .
And Manasseh lay with his fathers , and they buried him in his own house . And his son Amon reigned in his place .
For Paul had decided to sail by Ephesus , so as it might not happen to him to spend time in Asia ; for he hastened if it were possible for him to be in Jerusalem on the day of Pentecost .
As a man whom his mother comforts , so I will comfort you . And you shall be comforted in Jerusalem .
And , indeed , as Jehovah the God of Israel lives , who has kept me back from doing evil to you , for unless you had hurried and had come to meet me , surely there would not have been left to Nabal one who urinates against the wall till the light of morning .
They are like a rounded post , and they cannot speak ; they must surely be carried , because they cannot walk . Do not be afraid of them , for they cannot do evil nor good ; it is not with them .
and brings me forth from my enemies ; yea , You raise me up above those rising up against me ; You deliver me from the violent man .
Allow both to grow together until the harvest . And in the time of the harvest I will say to the reapers , First gather the darnel , and bind them into bundles to burn them , but gather the wheat into my granary .
And I was like a docile lamb being brought to the slaughter ; and I did not know that they had plotted schemes against me , saying , Let us destroy the tree with its fruit ; and let us cut him off from the land of the living so that his name may be remembered no more .
For as the crackling of thorns under a pot , so is the laughter of the stupid one . And this also is vanity .
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah , king of Judah , this word came to from Jehovah , saying ,
And now the sword shall not turn aside from your house continually , because you have despised Me , and have taken the wile of Uriah the Hittite to be a wife to you .
Without guidance the people fall , but safety is in a great counselor .

They shall fear You with the sun , and before the moon in all generations .
And you invite Jesse to the sacrifice . And I will make you know what you shall do . And you shall anoint for Me whomever I say to you .
Heights of the heavens ! What can you do ? It is deeper than Sheol ; what can you know ?
Command the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , When you have come into the land of Canaan , this is the land which falls to you by inheritance , the land of Canaan , by its borders :
Have not You , O God , cast us aside ? And will You not go forth with our armies , O God ?
Of the sons of Zebulun , their generations , by their families , by their fathers' house , in the number of names , from a son of twenty years and upward , everyone able to go out to war :
And it happened , at the time Solomon was old , his wives turned away his heart after other gods , and his heart was not perfect with Jehovah his God , like the heart of his father David .
And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer the king of Zobah , then David struck twenty two thousand men of the Syrians .
Now in the second year of their coming to the house of God at Jerusalem , in the second month , Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , and Jeshua the son of Jozadak , and the rest of their brothers the priests , and the Levites , and all they who had come out of the captivity to Jerusalem , began . And they made to stand the Levites from a son of twenty years and over , to oversee the work of the house of Jehovah .
You give your mouth to evil , and your tongue frames deceit .
However , there were not made for the house of Jehovah basins of silver , snuffers , bowls , trumpets , any vessels of gold or vessels of silver , of the silver brought into the house of Jehovah ;
And I am Jehovah , your God from the land of Egypt ; yet I will make you live in tents , as in the days of appointed assembly .
He shall abide forever before God ; appoint mercy and truth to preserve him .
And He shall spread His hands in his midst , as he who swims strokes to swim . And He shall lay low his pride with the skill of His hands .
There was not a word of all that Moses commanded which did not read before all the assembly of Israel , and the women , and the little ones , and the aliens that walked among them .
Drink waters out of your own cistern , and running waters out of your own well .

and this is to be comforted together among you , through the faith in one another , both yours and mine .
For so says Jehovah , Your break cannot be cured ; your wound is grievous .
Yea , you cause even an orphan to fall ; and you bargain over your friend .
For as often as you may eat this bread , and drink this cup , you solemnly proclaim the death of the Lord , until He shall come .
And wherever he goes in , say to the housemaster , The Teacher says , Where is the guest room where I may eat the passover with My disciples ?

and heap on the wood , kindle the fire , consume the flesh , and mix in the spice , and let the bones be burned .
And the chief of the eunuchs said to Daniel , I fear my lord the king , who has chosen your food and your drink . For why should he see your faces worse looking than the boys who are in your term ? Then you would forfeit my head to the king .
And those who repay evil for good , they attack me , because the good follows me .
A man who hardens his neck when reproved shall be suddenly broken , and there will be no healing .
I will bring my knowledge from afar , and I will credit righteousness to my Maker .
And the king said to Joab , the commander of the army with him , Go now to and fro through all the tribes of Israel , from Dan even to Beersheba , and number the people , that I may know the number of the people .
Many purposes are in a man's heart , but the counsel of Jehovah shall stand .
Men of Tyre also lived in it , who brought fish and all wares , and were selling on the Sabbath to the sons of Judah even in Jerusalem .
But , like Adam , they have broken the covenant ; they have acted like traitors against Me there .
Take heed to yourself that you not offer your burnt offerings in every place that you see ;
Take the Levites instead of all the first-born among the sons of Israel , and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle . And the Levites shall be Mine ; I am Jehovah .
And they pulled up from Succoth , and they camped at Etham , in the edge of the wilderness .
And Ephraim shall be like a mighty one , and their heart shall be glad as by wine . And their sons shall see and be glad ; their heart shall rejoice in Jehovah .
But that you also may know the things about me , what I am doing , Tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord , will make known all things to you ,
But your eyes are blessed because they see ; and your ears because they hear .
And going into the synagogue , he spoke boldly over three months , having reasoned with them , and persuading concerning the things of the kingdom of God .
And now that I have come to speak this word to my lord the king , because the people made me afraid ; and your servant said , Please let me speak to the king ; it may be the king shall do the word of his servant .
that there not be division in the body , but that the members might have the same care for one another .

the haters of Jehovah shall be found untrue to Him , and their time is forever .
Behold , Jehovah hurls you with a hurling , O man , and grasps you with a grasping .
I have pity on the crowd because now three days they remain with Me , and they do not have what they may eat .
And He was transfigured before them , and His face shone like the sun , and His clothing became white as the light .
And Delilah said to Samson , Behold , you have trifled with me , and have told me lies . Now , please tell me with what you may be bound .
And Saul said , Because I saw that the people were scattering from me , and you did not come in the days set out , and the Philistines were gathering at Michmash ,
also some from Jerusalem , and from Idumea , and beyond the Jordan , also those around Tyre and Sidon . A great multitude came to Him , hearing how much He was doing .
And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian left with the rewards of the seer in their hand . And they came to Balaam and spoke the words of Balak to him .
Do good in Your good pleasure to Zion ; build the walls of Jerusalem .
And you shall do My statutes , and you shall keep my judgments and shall do them ; and you shall live on the land securely .
Then the word of Jehovah was to Isaiah , saying ,
And you shall say to this people , So says Jehovah , Behold , I set before you the way of life and the way of death .
And Saul recognized the voice of David , and said , Is this your voice , my son David ? And David said , My voice , my lord , O king !
And the battle was scattered over the face of all the land , and the forest devoured among the people more than the sword had devoured in that day .
And this is the law of the food offering : the sons of Aaron shall bring it near before Jehovah , to the front of the altar .
Likewise , my brothers and my servants are lending them silver and grain . I beg you , let us leave off this interest .
And you shall make the tabernacle with ten curtains . You shall make them with cherubs , the work of a skilled workman , of twined linen , and blue and purple and crimson .
And the rest of the acts of Jeroboam , how he fought , and how he reigned , behold , they are written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel .
But I have the greater witness than John's , for the works which the Father has given Me , that I should finish them , the works which I do themselves witness concerning Me , that the Father has sent Me .

And David's servants had struck three hundred and sixty men of Benjamin , even among the men of Abner these died .
They adorn it with silver and with gold ; they fasten them with nails and hammers , so that it will not wobble .
And Eli said to Samuel , Go , lie down ; and it shall be , if One calls you , even you shall say , Speak , O Jehovah , for Your servant hears you . And Samuel lay down in his place .
And so I have sworn to the house of Eli , the iniquity of the house of Eli shall not be atoned for , by sacrifice or by offering , until forever .

And David sent ten young men , and David said to the young men , Go up to Carmel , and you shall come to Nabal and ask him of his welfare in my name .
with Chedorlaomer the king of Elam , and with Tidal the king of the nations , and Amraphel the king of Shinar , and Arioch the king of Ellasar ; four kings with the five .
Then when they crucified Jesus , the soldiers took His garments and made four parts , a part to each soldier , also the tunic . And the tunic was seamless , woven from the top throughout .
Because everything having been born of God overcomes the world , and this is the victory overcoming the world , our faith .
Those planted in the house of Jehovah , in the courts of our God , shall flourish .
This shall be a continual burnt offering to your generations , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the face of Jehovah ; there where I meet you to speak to you there .

And , behold , she was speaking with the king , and Nathan the prophet came in .
Then one of the seraphs flew to me with a live coal in his hand , snatched with tongs from the altar .

And he changed his prison garments , and he ate bread continually before him all the days of his life .
He who fathers a fool has sorrow for it ; yea , the father of a fool has no joy .
And cause him to stand before Eleazar the priest , and before all the congregation , and give him a charge in their sight .
And Rachel and Leah answered and said to him , Is there yet to us a portion and an inheritance in the house of our father ?
The first , the firstfruits of your ground you shall bring to the house of Jehovah your God . You shall not boil a kid in its mother's milk .

Strive ! Strive with your mother , for she is not My wife , and I am not her husband . Therefore , let her put away her harlotries from her face , and her adulteries from between her breasts ,
For when you return to Jehovah , your brothers and your sons will have mercies before their captors , even to return to this land . For Jehovah your God is gracious and merciful , and He will not turn His face away from you , if you turn back to Him .
And Judah saw her . And he thought her to be a harlot , because she had veiled her face .
And I will give all the wealth of this city , and all its produce , and all its precious things , and all the treasures of the kings of Judah , even I will give them into the hand of their enemies who will strip them and take them , and carry them to Babylon .
For we are consumed by Your anger , and we are troubled by Your wrath .
Arise for our help and redeem us for the sake of Your mercy .
For through law I died to law , that I might live to God .
who gave Himself for our sins , so that He might deliver us out of the present evil age , according to the will of our God and Father ,

You shall prepare one tenth part for the one lamb , and for the seven lambs ;

He came to His own , and His own did not receive Him .
These great beasts are four , four kings ; they shall rise up out of the earth .
And the guilt offering silver and the sin offering silver was not brought into the house of Jehovah , for it was the priests' .
But the house of Israel says , The way of the Lord is not fair . Are My ways not fair , O house of Israel ? Is it not your ways that are not fair ?
And Moses said to the sons of Gad and to the sons of Reuben , Do your brothers go into the battle , and you , do you sit here ?
Your fury has lain hard upon me , and You afflict me with all Your waves . Selah .
And I was let down through a window through the wall in a basket and escaped their hands .
The priests : The sons of Jedaiah , of the house of Jeshua , nine hundred and seventy three .
covering Yourself with light like a cloak , and stretching out the heavens like a curtain ;
If Jehovah has delighted in us , then He will bring us into this land and will give it to us , a land which is flowing with milk and honey .
Joash reigned in the seventh year of Jehu . And he reigned forty years in Jerusalem ; and the name of his mother was Zibiah of Beersheba .
Let the exaltation of God be in their throat , and a two-edged sword in their hand ,
And the ark of Jehovah went around the city , going around one time . And they came into the camp , and remained in the camp .
And a widow was in that city , and she came to him , saying , Avenge me from my adversary .
How beautiful are your feet in sandals , O prince's daughter ! The curves of your thighs are like jewels , the work of the hands of a skillful worker .

Zebulun shall live at the seashore , and he shall be a haven of ships , even his border beside Sidon .
And now , behold , I know that you all will see my face no more , among whom I went about proclaiming the kingdom of God .
Take millstones and grind meal ; uncover your veil ; strip off the skirt ; uncover the leg ; pass over rivers .
And all the peoples of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of Jehovah , and they shall fear you .
And they went about from nation to nation ; from one kingdom to another people .
And they set apart Kadesh in Galilee , in the hills of Naphtali ; and Shechem in the hills of Ephraim ; and Kirjath-arba ; ( it is Hebron ) in the hills of Judah .
And on the following day he appeared to them while fighting . And he urged them to peace , saying , Men , you are brothers . Why do you wrong one another ?
but having different gifts according to the grace given to us , whether prophecy , according to the proportion of faith ;
And he said , Behold , I will make you know what shall happen in the last end of the indignation . For it is for the time appointed for the end .
So I also have stripped off your skirts over your face , that your shame may appear .
And Abner the son of Ner , the commander of the Saul's army , took Ishbosheth the son of Saul , and caused him to cross over to Mahanaim .
Then indeed many from among them believed , and not a few of the honorable Greek women and men .
and chief seats in the synagogues , and chief couches in the dinners ,
And he struck among the men of Beth-shemesh , because they looked into the ark of Jehovah . Yea , He struck seventy among the people , including fifty chief men . And the people mourned because Jehovah destroyed among the people with a great destruction .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,

Then the part of the hand was sent from Him , and this writing was written .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
I am Your servant ; make me consider and I will know Your testimonies .
On account of this one made up the remainder , and their store ; they shall carry them over the torrent of the willows .
And , behold ! A great wind came from the wilderness and touched the four corners of the house . And it fell on the young men and they died ; and I , I alone have escaped to tell you .
Because of this , I say to you , Every sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven to men , but the blasphemy concerning the Spirit shall not be forgiven to men .
And Abraham started up early in the morning and saddled his ass , and he took two of his youths with him , and his son Isaac . And he split wood for a burnt offering , and rose up and went to the place which God had said to him .
I do not speak according to command , but through the earnestness of others and testing the trueness of your love .
As to the flesh of the sacrifice of the thanksgiving peace offerings , it shall be eaten in the day of his offering . He shall not leave of it until morning .
And he made the ephod of gold , blue , and purple , and crimson , and twined bleached linen .


And I put a ring on your nose and earrings on your ears and a crown of beauty on your head .
And David again gathered every chosen one in Israel , thirty thousand .
And a voice came out from the throne , saying , Praise our God , all His slaves , and the ones fearing Him , the small and the great .
and you shall observe all My statutes , and all My judgments and shall do them ; I am Jehovah .
Likewise , younger ones be subject to older ones ; and all being subject to one another . Put on humility , because God sets Himself " against proud ones , but He gives grace to humble ones . "
And the other thanksgiving choir was going to the opposite side , and I after them , and half of the people on the wall , from beyond the Tower of Furnaces , even to the Broad Wall ;
Furthermore , they have sent for men to come from a distance , of whom a messenger was sent to them . And behold , they came , for whom you washed , painted your eyes , and were adorned with gems .
They go from strength to strength , being seen in Zion before God .
And he took ten men of the elders of the city , and said , Sit down here . And they sat down .
And the men of Israel had sworn in Mizpeh , saying , Not one of us shall give his daughter to Benjamin for a wife .

And you said to your servants , Bring him down to me , and let me see him .
and Zebadiah , and Meshullam , and Hezeki , and Heber ,
Jehovah is a Man of war ; Jehovah is His name .
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;
And the weight of the rings of gold which he asked was a thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold , apart from the ornaments , and the pendants , and the purple clothing that was on he kings of Midian ; also apart from the necklaces on the necks of their camels .
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem ; those who love you shall prosper .
The eyes of all hope to You ; and You give them their food in due time .
And Ahab came into his house sullen and angry over the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken . For he had said , I will not give the inheritance of my fathers to you . And he lay on his bed and turned away his face , and would not eat food .
This registration first occurred under the governing of Syria by Cyrenius .
You made them eat with the bread of tears ; yea , You made them drink with tears a third time .
And they came near and carried them in their coats to the outside of the camp , as Moses had commanded .
And he said to him , The cities that my father took from your father , I give back . And you shall make streets for yourself in Damascus , as my father did in Samaria . Then I will let you go with a covenant . And he cut a covenant with him and sent him away .

A servant is not corrected by words ; though he discerns , there is no answer .

And the name of the second river is Gihon . It is the one surrounding all the land of Cush .
But if you say , We will not live in this land or obey the voice of Jehovah your God ,
which was not made known to the sons of men in other generations , as it now has been revealed to His holy apostles and prophets in the Spirit ,
And Jehovah said , Who shall entice Ahab the king of Israel , and he shall go and fall in Ramoth-gilead ? And this speaker said this , and that speaker that .
The infirm one answered Him , Lord , I do not have a man , that when the water is agitated he may throw me into the pool ; but while I am coming , another goes down before me .
And Hanun took David's servants , and shaved them , and cut their long robes in half , to the buttocks , and sent them away .
But now He has made me weary . You have made all my company desolate .
His legs are like pillars of marble founded on bases of fine gold ; His appearance is like Lebanon , excellent as the cedars .
that he was caught up into Paradise and heard unspeakable words which it is not permissible for a man to speak .
And one of the priests whom they exiled from Samaria came and lived in Bethel , and he taught them how they should fear Jehovah .

Then said to the king , O king , live forever .
They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek Jehovah , but they shall not find ; He has withdrawn Himself from them .
in pureness , in knowledge , in longsuffering , in kindness , in the Holy Spirit , in unfeigned love ,
And the men of Israel were called from Naphtali , and from Asher , and from all Manasseh , and chased Midian .
If you do this thing , and God command you , you will be able to stand ; and also this people will go in peace to their place .
The straits of my heart are enlarged ; O bring me out from my straits .
And , behold , I am coming quickly , and My reward is with Me , to give to each as his work is .
and you shall do according to your wisdom , and shall not let his gray hair go down to Sheol in peace .
And David captured the stronghold of Zion . It is the city of David .
but the Comforter , the Holy Spirit , whom the Father will send in My name , He shall teach you all things and shall remind you of all things that I said to you .

And Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem .
Woe to the bloody city ! All of it is a lie , all of plunder ; the prey is not withdrawn .
And the woman said to him , Behold , you know that which Saul has done , that he has cut off those having familiar spirits , and the fortune-tellers , out of the land . And why are you laying a snare for my life , to kill me ?
And if she bears a female , then she shall be unclean two weeks , as in her menstruation ; and she shall continue in the blood of her cleansing sixty six days .


But Paul having appealed for himself to be kept to the examination of Augustus , I commanded him to be held until I might send him to Caesar .
He makes the deep boil like a pot ; he makes the sea like a pot of ointment ;
If I should count them , they are more than the sand ; when I awake I am still with You .
He ill treats the barren that bear not , and does no good to the widow .

His left hand would be under my head , and His right hand embracing me .
Father , I desire that those whom You have given Me , that where I am , they may be with Me also , that they may behold My glory which You gave Me , because You loved Me before the foundation of the world .
And rising up quite early in the night , He went out and went away into a deserted place . And He was praying there .
Babylon's sons and all the Chaldeans , Pekod , and Shoa , and Koa , all the sons of Assyria with them , desirable young men , governors and rulers , all of them , third heads and called ones , all of them riding horses .
Then you shall say , So says the Lord Jehovah : The city sheds blood in her midst , that her time may come . And she makes idols against herself , to defile herself .
And they were all filled of the Holy Spirit , and began to speak in other languages , as the Spirit gave ability to them to speak .
If , in one of your cities which Jehovah your God is giving you to live in , you hear one saying ,
As the brushwood fire burns and fire causes water to boil , make known Your name to Your foes , that nations might tremble before You .

Her gates have sunk in the ground ; He has dispersed and shattered her bars . Her kings and her rulers are among the nations . The law is not . Also her prophets have not found a vision from Jehovah .
And said to all the people , So says Jehovah the God of Israel , Your fathers have in the past lived Beyond the River ( Terah the father of Abraham and father of Nahor ) and they served other gods .
And asking for lights , he rushed in . And becoming trembly , he fell before Paul and Silas .

And Ahab sent among all the sons of Israel and gathered the prophets to Mount Carmel .
And he captured Agag the king of Amalek alive . But he exterminated all the people with the mouth of the sword .

And he said to her , Give me your son ; and he took him out of her bosom , and caused him to go up into the upper room where he was staying , and laid him on his own bed .
Love never fails . But if there are prophecies , they will be caused to cease ; if tongues , they shall cease ; if knowledge , it will be caused to cease .
And the sons of Judah fought against Jerusalem , and captured it , and struck it with the mouth of the sword , and set the city on fire .
Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah ; Bani the Gadite ;
Joram his son ; Ahaziah his son , Joash his son ;
and God would be willing and crush me ; let loose His hand and cut me off ?
A woman of virtue is a crown to her lord , but one causing shame is like rottenness in his bones .
And the name of Hebron before was City of Arba ; that one was a great man among the Anakim . And the land had rest from war .
Yea , He rained flesh on them like dust , and winged birds as the sand of the seas .
And they swore to Jehovah with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with rams' horns .
And she gave to the king a hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great plenty , and precious stones . And there has not been any spice as that the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon .
Hope deferred makes the heart sick , but desire fulfilled is a tree of life .
And they buried him in the city of David with the kings , for he had done good in Israel , and with God , and his house .
but they had certain questions about their own demon worship , and about a certain Jesus dying , whom Paul claimed to live .
And I shall put My Spirit in you , and you shall live ; and I will put you on your own land . And you shall know that I , Jehovah , have spoken and have done it , says Jehovah .
This beginning of the miracles Jesus did in Cana of Galilee . And it revealed His glory , and His disciples believed in Him .
and I have not bowed to the voice of my teachers , nor bowed my ears to those instructing me .

And it shall be , when seventy years are fulfilled , I will punish the king of Babylon and that nation , and the land of the Chaldeans , for their iniquity , says Jehovah ; and I will make it everlasting ruins .
For so says Jehovah of Hosts , the God Israel : Do not let your prophets and your fortune-tellers in your midst deceive you . And do not listen to your dreams which you dream .
She shall be led to the King in embroidered work ; her companions , the virgins , shall be brought to You after her .
Jesus said , Lift the stone . Martha , the sister of the one that had died , said to Him , Lord , he already smells , for it is the fourth day .
She has sent out her maidens ; she cries on the highest places of the city ;
And I said , Heads of Jacob and magistrates of the house of Israel , please hear . Is it not for you to know justice ?
The Book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ the son of David , the son of Abraham :
And Jotham lay with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of his father David . And his son Ahaz reigned in his place .
And there came some from all the people to hear the wisdom of Solomon , from all the kings of the earth who had heard of his wisdom .
And Jehovah said , Is anger rightly kindled in you ?
You sift my path and my lying down , and are acquainted with all my ways .
It may be Jehovah will look on my affliction , and Jehovah will return good to me for his cursing this day .
If anyone speaks , let it be as the words of God ; if anyone ministers , as by strength which God supplies , that in all things God may be glorified through Jesus Christ ; to whom is the glory and the might forever and ever . Amen .
he may prepare , but the just shall put it on ; and the innocent shall divide the silver .
I said before , and I say beforehand , as being present the second time and being absent now . I write to those previously sinning , and all the rest , that if I come again I will not spare ;
And whoever touches her bed shall wash his clothes and bathe in water , and be unclean until the evening .
And Judah went against the Canaanites who lived in Hebron ( and the name of Hebron was formerly City of Arba ) and they struck Sheshai , and Ahiman , and Talmai .
And in my prosperity , I said , I shall never be moved forever .
he shall take the living bird , and the cedar wood , and the scarlet , and the hyssop , and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the slain bird , over the running water .
And the cities which you shall give to the Levites shall be the six cities of refuge which you shall give for the manslayer that he may flee there ; and besides them you shall give forty two cities .
And it was on the next day Saul put the people in three heads , and they came into the midst of the camp in the morning watch and they struck Ammon until the heat of the day . And it was , the ones left were scattered ; in them were not two left together .
Hallohesh , Pileha , Shobek ,
Even today my complaint is bitter ; my hand is heavy over my groaning .
And she said , He gave me these six measures of barley , for he said You shall not go empty to your mother-in-law .
Because of this I sent Timothy to you , who is my beloved child , and faithful in the Lord , who will remind you of my ways in Christ , even as I teach everywhere in every church .
For in this the word is true , that another is the one sowing , and another the one reaping .
Every one passing over to those numbered , from a son of twenty years and upward , shall give the offering of Jehovah .
And they pulled up from Makheloth and camped in Tahath .


And not only is this dangerous to us , lest our part come to be in contempt , but also the temple of the great goddess Artemis will be counted nothing , and her majesty is also about to be destroyed , whom all Asia and the world worships .
Benjamin is a wolf that tears . In the morning he devours the prey , and at evening he divides the spoil .

And I Myself will fight against you with an outstretched arm and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in fury , and in great wrath .

However , be glad and rejoice forever in what I create . For , behold , I create in Jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
For He remembered that they were flesh , a breath passing away , and not returning .
And he said , What shall I give you ? And Jacob said , You shall not give me anything . If you will do this thing for me , I will remain . I will feed your flock and keep it .
And now , this is the thing which we shall do to Gibeah , going against it by lot .
And the rest of the acts of Jotham , and all his battles , and his ways , behold , they are written in the Book of the Kings of Israel and Judah .
And they said to him , What shall we do to you that the sea may be calm from on us ? For the sea was going on and being stormy .
And you know that with all my power I have served your father .
And in the seventh month , on the seventeenth day of the month , the ark rested on the mountains of Ararat .
By this the children of God and the children of the Devil are revealed : Everyone not practicing righteousness is not of God ; also the one not loving his brother .
And the number of the armies of the cavalry was two myriads of myriads ; and I heard their number .
I am the one witnessing concerning Myself , and He who sent Me , the Father , witnesses concerning Me .
These were the heads of the houses of their fathers : The sons of Reuben the first-born of Israel : Hanoch , and Pallu , and Hezron , and Carmi ; these were the families of Reuben .
And I was alive apart from law once , but the commandment came , and sin came alive , and I died .
And when the Jubilee of the sons of Israel shall come , then their inheritance shall be added to the inheritance of the tribe to which they shall belong . So their inheritance will be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .

And David's servants came to Abigail at Carmel , and spoke to her , saying , David has sent us to you to take you to him for a wife .
They took their flocks and their herds and their asses , and whatever was in the city , and whatever was in the field .
And was the word of Jehovah to me , saying , Jeremiah , what do you see ? And I said , I see an almond rod .

I will judge you , each man by his ways , O house of Israel , declares the Lord Jehovah . Turn and be made to turn from all your transgressions , and iniquity shall not be a stumbling-block to you .
And they went in to her . As they go in to a woman of harlotry , so they went in to Oholah and to Oholibah , the wicked women .
This shall be Egypt's offense , and the offense of all nations who do not come up to keep the Feast of Tabernacles .
And having come to Him , the men said , John the Baptist sent us to You , saying , Are You the One coming , or should we expect another ?
The mountains quaked before the face of Jehovah , this Sinai quaked from before Jehovah the God of Israel .

Then He shall give rain for your seed , with which you sow the ground . And the bread of the produce of the earth also shall be fat and plentiful . In that day your livestock shall feed in a pasture made wide .
And I will prepare a place for My people Israel , and he will plant , and he will dwell in his place , and shall not be made to tremble any more ; nor shall the sons of wickedness waste him any more , as at the first ;
At that time Merodach-baladan , the son of Baladan , king of Babylon , sent letters and a present to Hezekiah For he had heard that he was ill , and was made strong .

And he shall strip off his garments , and shall put on other garments , and shall bring the ashes out to the outside of the camp , to a clean place .
It is better to go to the house of mourning than to go to the house of feasting ; for it is the end of every man ; and the living will lay it to his heart .
And I will cut off Ashdod's dwellers and him who holds the scepter from Ashkelon ; and I will turn My hand against Ekron ; and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish , says the Lord Jehovah .
The sons of Pahath-moab , of the sons of Jeshua and Joab , were two thousand , eight hundred and eighteen .
And Ishmael took captive all the rest of the people who were in Mizpah , the king's daughters , and all the people who stayed in Mizpah , whom Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , had entrusted to Gedaliah , the son of Ahikam . And Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , took captive and went to go over to the sons of Ammon .
So says the Lord Jehovah : This is Jerusalem . I have set her in the midst of the nations , and all around her are the lands .
Give us our needed bread day by day ;
And it shall be when any shall prophesy again , his father and his mother who gave him birth shall say to him then , You shall not live , for you speak lies in the name of Jehovah . And his father and his mother who gave him birth shall pierce him when he prophesies .
But even if I judge , My judgment is true , because I am not alone , but I and the Father who sent Me .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses and Aaron in Mount Hor , on the edge of the land of Edom , saying ,
And Herod said , I beheaded John , but who is this about whom I hear such things ? And he sought to see Him .
Sow your seed in the morning , and do not rest your hand until evening ; for you do not know what shall be blessed , this or that ; or whether they both shall be good as one .
For your wastes and your deserted places , and your land of ruins shall even now be too narrow to live there ; and they who swallow you shall be far away .
If you at all turn back , you and your sons , from following me , and do not keep My commands , My statutes which I have set before you , and you shall go and serve other gods and bow yourselves to them ,
And Jehovah confirmed the kingdom in his hand . And all of Judah gave a present to Jehoshaphat . And he had riches and honor in abundance .
And God spoke thus , that his seed would be a temporary resident in another land , and they would enslave it and oppress it four hundred years . See
I hold fast by my righteousness , and I will not abandon it ; my heart shall not shame me any of my days .
by how much more the blood of Christ ( who through the eternal Spirit offered Himself without blemish to God ) , will purify your conscience from dead works for the serving of the living God !
If the sun has risen on him , blood is due for him ; surely he shall repay . If he has nothing , then he should be sold for his theft .
But we desire each of you to show the same eagerness , to the full assurance of the hope to the end ;
his sides are full of milk , and his bones are wet with marrow .
Today I will begin to put your dread and your fear on the face of the people under all the heavens , who will hear your fame , and will tremble and writhe because of you .
And all the flocks were usually gathered there , and they rolled the stone off the mouth of the well and watered the sheep , and replaced the stone on the mouth of the well , to its place .

And after he fathered Jared , Mahalaleel lived eight hundred and thirty years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
And Jehovah shall scatter you among all people , from one end of the earth even to the other , and you shall serve other gods there , wood and stone , which you have not known , nor your fathers .
And the Spirit of God came on Azariah the son of Oded .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
But you shall remember that you were a slave in Egypt , and Jehovah your God redeemed you from there . For that reason I command you to do this thing .
And all the people came to cause David to eat food while it was yet day . But David swore , saying , So may God do to me , and still more , if I taste bread or anything before the sun goes in .
since he was longing for you all and has been troubled because you heard that he was sick .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , against Moab : Woe to Nebo , for it is ravaged ! Kiriath-aim is put to shame and captured . The fortress is put to shame and razed .
Because you have said , these two nations and these two lands will be mine , and we shall possess it ( yet Jehovah was there ) ,
Say to them , As I live , says Jehovah , as surely as you have spoken in My ears , so I will do to you .
The wicked are estranged from the womb ; they go astray from the belly , speaking lies .
that He might redeem the ones under law , that we might receive the adoption of sons .
And now I beg you , you also listen to the voice of your servant , and I will set before you a bit of bread ; and eat , and there will be strength in you when you go on your way .
And the altar hearth shall be twelve cubits long , and twelve wide , square in its four sides .

But if her father has prohibited her in the day he heard , none of her vows and her bond with which she has bound her soul shall stand . And Jehovah will forgive her because her father prohibited her .
a land of obscurity , the darkness of the shadow of death , and without any order ; even the shining is as darkness .
And we said to my lord , An aged father is to us , and a young child of his old age ; and his brother is dead ; and he alone is left of his mother ; and his father loves him .
But who of you by being anxious is able to add one cubit onto his stature ?
But I will make the arms of the king of Babylon stronger , and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall . And they shall know that I am Jehovah when I put My sword into the king of Babylon's hand . And he will stretch it against the land of Egypt .

And he moved from there to a mountain on the east of Bethel , and stretched his tent with Bethel toward the sea , and Ai on the east . And he built an altar there to Jehovah , and called on the name of Jehovah .
The rulers of Zoan are fools ; the rulers of Noph are deceived ; they also have led Egypt astray , the cornerstone of her tribes .
Josiah was a son of eight years when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem thirty one years .
Until when will you judge unjustly , and lift up the faces of the wicked ? Selah .
from then on expecting " until His enemies are placed as a footstool " of His feet .
the son of a woman of the daughters of Dan , and his father a man of Tyre , who knows how to work in gold , and in silver , in bronze , in iron , in stone , and in wood , in purple , and violet , and in fine linen , and in crimson , and to engrave any engraving , and to invent any device that is given to him , with your skilled men , and the skilled men of my lord David , your father .
And you shall strike the house of your lord Ahab , that I may avenge the blood of My servants the prophets , and the blood of all the servants of Jehovah from the hand of Jezebel .
And I have delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians , and out of the hand of all your oppressors ; and I have expelled them before you ; and I have given you their land .
The sons of Ater of Hezekiah , ninety eight .
How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of him bringing good news , making peace heard , bringing good news , proclaiming salvation ; saying to Zion , Your God reigns !
So I will cause to cease wickedness out of the land , that all the women may be taught , even not to do according to your wickedness .
So I have poured out on them My disgust . With the fire of My wrath I consumed them . I have given their way on their heads , states the Lord Jehovah .
But from the days of John the Baptist until now , the kingdom of Heaven suffers violence , and the violent seize it .

Let a woman learn in silence , in all subjection .
And he brought back all the goods , and also brought back his brother , and also the women and the people .
And she said to her mistress , Oh that my lord were before the prophet who is in Samaria ! Then he would recover him from his leprosy .
and the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger of the oil on his palm , seven times before Jehovah .


And Moses sent to call for Dathan and for Abiram , the sons of Eliab ; and they said , We will not come up .
And you shall tread under the wicked , for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day which I am preparing , says Jehovah of hosts .
and all ravens by their kinds ;
And he shall turn his face to the coastlands and shall capture many . But a ruler shall make cease his reproach for him , but his reproach shall return to him .
The rulers of the people were Parosh , Pahath-moab , Elam , Zatthu , Bani ,
And you do not have His word abiding in you , for the One whom that One sent , this One you do not believe .

because of all the evil of the sons of Israel and of the sons of Judah which they have done to provoke Me to anger , they , their kings , their rulers , their priests , and their prophets , and the men of Judah , and the inhabitants of Jerusalem .
Let the peoples hear , all of them . Pay attention , O earth , and its fullness . And let the Lord Jehovah be a witness against you , the Lord from His holy temple .
And returned , and all Israel with him , to Debir , and fought against it .
For so says Jehovah : Behold , those whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have surely drunk . And are you to be entirely acquitted ? You shall not be acquitted , but you shall surely drink .
And the ark of Jehovah was in the field of the Philistines seven months .
And as He entered into Jerusalem , all the city was shaken , saying , Who is this ?
What I speak , I speak not according to the Lord , but as in foolishness , in this boldness of boasting .
But if our unrighteousness commends the righteousness of God , what shall we say ? Is God unrighteous who lays on wrath ? I speak according to man .
You shall lift up a cake of the first of your dough as a heave offering ; as the heave offering of the threshing floor , so you shall lift it up .
And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard , and the men were furious , and they were very angry , because he had done foolishness in Israel , to lie with the daughter of Jacob , and it should not be done in this way .
and the priest shall look on him ; and , behold , the plague has turned to white ; the priest shall pronounce the plagued one clean ; he is clean .
And Laban went into Jacob's tent and into Leah's tent , and into the tent of the two slave-girls ; and he did not find . And he went out of Leah's tent and came into Rachel's tent .
And I will pour my fury on Sin , the strength of Egypt . And I will cut off the multitude of Thebes .
And the rest of the acts of Amon that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
Turn back to Him against whom you have made a deep revolt , sons of Israel .

And Solomon made an alliance by marriage with Pharaoh the king of Egypt . And he took Pharaoh's daughter and brought her into the city of David , until he finished building his own house , and the house of Jehovah , and the wall of Jerusalem all around .
And you shall come in to the priest , of the Levites , and to the judge who is in those days , and shall inquire . And they shall declare the sentence of judgment to you .
And the Philistines stood on the mountain on this side , and Israel stood on the mountain on that side , and the valley between them .
Since , then , the children have partaken of flesh and blood , in like manner He Himself also shared the same things , that through death He might cause to cease the one having the power of death , ( that is , the Devil ) ;
How the hammer of all the earth is cut off and broken ! How Babylon has become a ruin among the nations !
And they ran and took him from there . And he stood in the midst of the people , and he was taller than all the people , from his shoulders and upward .
And the Philistines came and were spread out in the Valley of the Giants .
For so says Jehovah of Hosts concerning the pillars , and concerning the sea , and concerning the bases , and concerning the rest of the vessels which remain in this city ,
And let that man be as the cities which Jehovah overthrew and did not repent . And let him hear a cry in the morning and the shouting at noontime ;
None is so fierce as to dare to stir him up . Who then is able to stand before Me ?

A Psalm of David . To You , O Jehovah , I lift up my soul .
Do not sharply rebuke an elder , but exhort as a father ; and younger ones as brothers ,
And he left Elisha and came to his lord , and he said to him , What did Elisha say to you . And he said , He said to me , You shall surely recover .
and with the first of the ancient mountains , and with the best of the everlasting hills ;
I came to be in the Spirit on the Lord's day , and I heard behind me a great voice , as of a trumpet ,
Make the place of your tent larger , and let them stretch out the curtains of your dwellings . Do not spare , lengthen your cords and strengthen your stakes .
And you shall possess the land , and live in it , for I have given you the land , to possess it .
And he said to him , So says Jehovah , Because you have sent away the man I had devoted from your hand , therefore your life shall go for his life , and your people for his people .
And it was found written that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh , two of the king's eunuchs , the guards of the threshold who sought to send forth a hand against king Ahasuerus .
And the sons of Israel did so . And Joseph gave wagons to them according to the mouth of Pharaoh , and he gave provision to them for the way .
and his prayer , and his entreaty , and all his sin , and his trespass , and the places in which he had built high places and set up the Asherahs and the graven images before he was humbled , behold , they are written in the Matters of the Seers .


From Your rebuke , they flee ; from the sound of Your thunder , they hurry away .
Not every flesh is the same flesh , but one flesh of men , and another flesh of beasts , and another of fish , and another of birds .
But you speak things which become sound doctrine :
And great crowds came to Him , having with them lame ones , blind , dumb , maimed , and many others . And they flung them down at the feet of Jesus . And He healed them ;
And Shimei rose up and saddled his ass and went to Gath , to Achish , to seek his servants . And Shimei went and brought his servants from Gath .
And all his brothers and all his sisters came to him ; and all knowing him before . And they ate bread with him in his house and consoled him and comforted him as to all the evil that Jehovah had brought on him . And they each gave him a piece of money , and each one ring of gold .
And going out quickly , they fled from the tomb . And trembling and ecstasy took hold of them . And they told no one , not a thing , for they were afraid .
And Gideon said to them , Let me ask of you a request , that each man give to me a ring from his plunder ; for they had gold rings , because they were Ishmaelites .
And the border of the Amorites was from the ascent of Akrabbim , from the rock and upward .
The sons of your bereavement shall yet say in your ears , The place is too narrow for me ; come near so that I may live .
and the little owl , and the cormorant , and the eared owl ;
Longing over you in this way , we were pleased to impart to you not only the gospel of God , but also our own souls , because you have become beloved to us .
And so now Jehovah , God of Israel , says this concerning this city , of which you say , It is given into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword , and by the famine , and by the plague ;
Have you not heard it from afar ? I have made it from days of old , even I formed it . Now I have caused it to come , and you are to cause fortified cities to crash into heaps , ruins .
branding for branding , wound for wound , stripe for stripe .
In this is love , not that we loved God , but that He loved us , and sent His Son to be a propitiation relating to our sins .
The meadows are outfitted with flocks ; the valleys are also covered with grain ; they shout for joy and sing .
For my soul is full with evils , and my life touches Sheol .
of the tribe of Judah , Caleb the son of Jephunneh ;
Then some of the Jerusalemites said , Is this not the one they are seeking to kill ?
But all this happened that might be fulfilled that spoken by the prophet , saying :
And they said , Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ , and you will be saved , you and your household .
However , no man shall dedicate a firstling , which is first-born to Jehovah among animals , whether ox or sheep ; it is Jehovah's .
And with great anger I am angry at the nations at ease ; in that I was but a little angry , and they gave help for evil .
revealing deep things out of darkness ; and He brings the shadow of death to light .
And from the sons of Bebai : Jehohanan , Hananiah , Zabbai , Athlai .
Rise , O God , judge the earth ; for You shall inherit in all the nations .
And when it was decided for us to sail to Italy , they delivered up both Paul and certain other prisoners to a centurion named Julius , of a cohort of Augustus .
And when she had weaned him , she brought him up with her , along with three bullocks , and one ephah of flour , and a skin of wine . And she brought him to the house of Jehovah at Shiloh . And the child was a young one .
for so says Jehovah to the king who sits on the throne of David , and to all the people who live in this city , your brothers who have not gone out with you into exile ,
So there shall not be for you one casting a line by lot in the congregation of Jehovah .
In God I will praise His word ; in God I have trusted ; I will not fear ; what will flesh do to me ?
And I defiled them by their own gifts , by making all that open the womb to cross the fire , so that I might waste them , to the end that they might know that I am Jehovah .
Men , Ninevites will rise up in the Judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , because they repented at the preaching of Jonah . And , behold , a Greater-than-Jonah is here .
Until when will you torment my soul and break me in pieces with words ?
so that they shall fear You , to walk in Your ways all the days that they shall live on the face of the land that You have given to our fathers .
And man is bowed down , and man is humbled , and the eyes of the proud are humbled .
So , The Lord Himself will give you a sign : Behold ! The virgin will conceive and will bring forth a son ; and she shall call His name Immanuel .

And taking these before them , He ate .
Drop down from above , O heavens ; and let the clouds pour down righteousness . Let the earth open and let salvation bear fruit ; and let righteousness sprout together . I , Jehovah have created it .
I , a fellow elder , exhort the elders among you , I being also witness of the sufferings of Christ , and being sharer of the glory about to be revealed :

and one kid of the goats , a sin offering , besides the continual burnt offering , its food offering and its drink offering .

And there was a long war between the house of Saul and the house of David . And David was going on and was strong , but the house of Saul was going on and was weak .
God raised up this One the third day and gave to Him to become visible ;
And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their sin . And I will bring on them , and on the people of Jerusalem , and on the men of Judah , all the evil that I have spoken against them . But they did not listen .
and at Bethuel , and at Hormah , and at Ziklag ,
rather because of love I entreat , being such a one as Paul the aged , and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ ;
And you sat on a glorious bed , and a table was arranged before it , and My incense and My oil you set on it .
And they sat before him , the first born according to his birthright , and the younger according to his youth . And the men were astonished , each to his neighbor .
And whoever does not fall down and worship , he should be thrown into the middle of a burning , fiery furnace .
And I say to you that it shall be more bearable for Sodom in that day than for that city !
And You divided the Sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the Sea on the dry land . And their pursuers You threw into the deep , like a stone into the mighty waters .
And they shall be joined to you , and shall keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation , for all the service of the tabernacle , and a stranger shall not go near to you .
And the name of his first-born was Joel , and the name of his second , Abiah , judges in Beersheba .
You shall do no unrighteousness in judgment , in measures and weights , or in quantity .
If you shall say in your heart , These nations are more plentiful than I ; how can I throw them out ?
but Solomon built Him a house .
But if that wicked servant says in his heart , My lord delays to come ,
But you yourselves know that these hands ministered to my needs , and to those who were with me .
Manasseh was a son of twelve years when he began to reign , and he reigned fifty five years in Jerusalem , and the name of his mother was Hephzibah .
On the first day you shall have a holy gathering ; you shall do no work of service ;
" let their eyes be darkened , not to see , and their back always bowing . "
then My covenant with My servant David may also be broken , that he should not have a son to reign on his throne , and with the Levitical priests , My ministers .
Why do you cry out over your crushing ? Your pain is incurable , for the greatness of your iniquity ; your sins are many , so I have done these things to you .
Jehovah will cut off from the tents of Jacob the man who does it , he stirring and answering , or offering a food offering to Jehovah of hosts .
And Baa-lhanan of Geder was over the olive trees and sycamore trees in the lowlands . And Joash was over the oil cellars .
And Elijah took the boy and brought him down from the upper room of the house , and gave him to his mother ; and Elijah said , See your son lives !

Also the sons of Israel shall prepare the Passover in its appointed season .
On account of this the parable speakers say , Come to Heshbon ! Let the city of Sihon be built and established !
And David asked of Jehovah , and He said , You shall not go up . Turn around to their rear , and come to them in front of the weeping trees .
And whatever you may ask in My Name , this I will do , that the Father may be glorified in the Son .
The lips of the wise extend knowledge , but the heart of the fool is not so .
And also the axe is already laid to the root of the trees ; therefore , every tree not producing good fruit is being cut down and being thrown into the fire .
By faith we understand the ages to have been framed by the word of God , so that the things seen should not come into being out of things that appear .
and the land is defiled , and I will visit its iniquity on it ; and the land is vomiting out its inhabitants ;
Go down and sit on the dust , O virgin daughter of Babylon ; sit on the earth ; a throne is not to the daughter of the Chaldeans ; for they shall not again call you tender and delicate .
And now , behold , Jehovah has kept me alive , as He said , these forty five years since Jehovah spoke this word to Moses , when Israel went in the wilderness . And now , behold , today I am a son of eighty five years ;
Jehovah tries the righteous , but His soul hates the wicked and the lover of violence .

Every vow and every oath , any bond to humble a soul , her husband shall establish it , or her husband shall break it .
Things of iniquity , our transgressions , are mightier than I ; You atone for them .
On account of this we will not fear when the earth changes and when mountains are slipping into the heart of the seas .

Now be of service with Him , and be at peace ; good shall come to you by them .
And every day they did not cease teaching and preaching the gospel of Jesus the Christ in the temple , and house to house .
Behold , O Jehovah , for I am distressed . My inward parts ferment ; my heart is overturned within me ; for I have grievously rebelled . On the outside the sword bereaves ; in the house it is as death .
I , I have spoken ; yea , I have called him , I brought him , and he causes his way to prosper .
And it happened , when the commanders of the chariots saw that it was not the king of Israel , they turned away from following him .
And they sent and gathered all the rulers of the Philistines to them , and said , What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel ? And they said , Let the ark of the God of Israel go around to Gath . And they brought around the ark of the God of Israel .
And Gideon came ; and , behold , a man was telling a dream to his companion . And he said , Behold , I have dreamed a dream . And , behold , a cake of barley bread was tumbling into the camp of Midian . And it came to the tent and struck it , and it fell , and turned it upside down ; and the tent fell down .
By these three were killed the third part of men , by the fire , and by the smoke , and by the brimstone coming out of their mouths .
And the men of Gibeah rose up against me . And they went around the house against me at night ; they had in mind to kill me , and they raped my concubine , and she died .
And you shall overlay it with pure gold , and you shall make it a wreath of gold all around .
For he was wiser than all men ; wiser than Ethan the Ezrahite , and Heman , and Chalcol , and Darda , the sons of Mahol . And his name was in all nations all around .
For if anyone thinks to be something , he deceives himself , being nothing .
He will guide the meek in justice ; and He will teach the meek His way .
And Absalom came to the king and said , Behold , your servant now has shearers . Please let the king and his servants go with your servant .
But if any of you lacks wisdom , let him ask from God , who gives to all freely and with no reproach , and it will be given to Him .
Therefore , you should not fear them , for nothing is covered which will not be uncovered ; and hidden , which will not be made known .
And he fed them in the integrity of his heart ; and guided them in the skillfulness of his hands .
And the king's scribes were called at that time , in the third month , that is , the month Sivan , on the twenty third of it . And it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded to the Jews , and to the satraps , and the governors , and the princes of the provinces which were from India to Ethiopia , a hundred and twenty seven provinces , to every province according to its writing , and to every people in their language , and to the Jews ; according to their writing and according to their language .
Stay with me . Do not fear . For he who seeks my life seeks your life . For with me you will be under protection .
And when David returned from striking the Philistine , then Abner took him and brought him before Saul ; and the head of the Philistine was in his hand .
For I say to you , In no way shall you see Me from now on , until you say , " Blessed is He who comes in the name of the Lord . "
And strictly warning them , He ordered no one to tell this ,

And you , son of man , groan with the breaking of your loins , and groan with bitterness before their eyes .
Then dissension and not a little disputation with them having taken place by Paul and Barnabas , they appointed Paul and Barnabas and some others of them to go up into Jerusalem to the apostles and elders concerning this question .
Labor to enter in through the narrow gate , for I say to you that many will seek to enter in and will not have strength .

These were born to the giant in Gath , and they fell by the hand of David , and by the hand of his servants .
And Gehazi , the servant of Elisha the man of God , said , Behold , my lord has spared this Syrian , Naaman , not to receive from his hand that which he has brought As Jehovah lives , surely I will run after him , then I shall take something from him .
So that a coming generation may know ; sons shall be born ; they shall rise up and tell their sons ,
and the altar of burnt offering and all its vessels , and the laver and its base ;
But He said to them , I have food to eat which you do not know .
And he said , Your brother came with deceit and took your blessing .
And the king of Israel gathered the prophets , about four hundred men , and said to them , Shall I go to battle against Ramoth-gilead , or shall I forbear ? And they said , Go up , that the Lord may give it into the hand of the king .
And they lengthened the staves , and the heads of the staves were seen from the holy place on the front of the Holy of Holies , and were not seen outside ; and they are there to this day .
Work may be done six days , and on the seventh day is a sabbath of rest , holy to Jehovah ; everyone doing work on the Sabbath day surely shall be put to death .

Seraiah , Azariah , Jeremiah ,
And I will deliver you out of the hand of the wicked , and I will redeem you out of the hand of the evil ones .
And if there is in any garment a plague of leprosy , in a garment of wool , or in a garment of linen ,
And I will set My throne in Elam , and I will destroy the king and the rulers from there , declares Jehovah .
Do you know when God placed them , and caused the lightning of His cloud to shine ?
In those days there was no king in Israel . Each man did that which was right in his own eyes .
Behold , He breaks down , and no one builds ; He shuts against a man , and no one opens .
And I will send the sword , the famine , and the plague among them until they are destroyed from on the land that I gave to them and to their fathers .
And Abraham listened to Ephron , and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver of which he had spoken in the ears of the sons of Heth , four hundred silver shekels which passes with the merchant .
And they came into the land of Egypt , for they did not obey the voice of Jehovah . And they came to Tahpanhes .
And the city shall be devoted to Jehovah , it and all that are in it . Only Rahab the harlot shall live , she and all who are with her in the house , because she hid the messengers that we sent .
And it happened in the six hundred and first year , at the beginning , on the first of the month , the waters were dried up from off the earth . And Noah removed the covering of the ark and looked . And , behold ! The face of the earth was dried .
Oh Lord , what shall I say , after Israel has turned its back before its enemies ?
So also Christ did not glorify Himself to become a high priest , but He speaking to Him , " You are My Son ; today I have begotten You . "
Between her feet he bowed ; he fell ; he lay down . Between her feet he bowed ; he fell ! Where he bowed , there he fell down ruined .
and rams' skin dyed red , and dugong skins , and acacia wood ;
But the sons of Manasseh had not been able to occupy these cities , for the Canaanite determined to live in this land .
Do not be a witness against your neighbor without cause , or deceive with your lips , .
as it has been written in the Prophets , " Behold , I send My messenger before Your face , who will prepare Your way before You ;
And He said to those in my hearing , Pass over in the city after him and strike . Do not let your eye spare , and do not have pity .
He gives his cheek to Him who strikes him ; he is filled with reproach .
The fool folds his hands together and eats his own flesh .
So that , my brothers , coming together to eat , wait for one another .
But knowing their wickedness , Jesus said , Why do you test Me , hypocrites ?
and with the best of the produce of the sun , and with the best yield of the months ;
In the second day Nethaneel the son of Zuar , ruler of Issachar , offered ;

And you , son of man , So says the Lord Jehovah : Say to the bird of every wing , and to every beast of the field : Gather yourselves and come , collect yourselves from all around to My sacrifice which I sacrifice for you , a great sacrifice on the mountains of Israel , so that you may eat flesh and drink blood .
Jehovah God sent him out of the garden of Eden to till the ground out of which he was taken .
You may exact it from a foreigner , but your hand shall release whatever is yours with your brother ,
So , behold , I am adding to do a wonders with this people , the wonder , even a wonder . For the wisdom of his wise ones shall perish , and the wit of his witty ones shall be hidden .
And I will pursue them with the sword , with the famine , and with the plague . And I will make them a horror to all the kingdoms of the earth , to be a curse , and a terror , and a hissing , and a reproach among all the nations , there where I have driven them .
How beautiful are your loves , My sister , My spouse ! How much better are your loves than wine , and the scent of your ointments than all spices !
Maaziah , Bilgai , Shemaiah . These were the priests .
And after the death of Jehoiada , the leaders of Judah came in and bowed themselves to the king ; then the king listened to them .
And Laban said to Jacob , Behold this heap , and behold the pillar which I have set between you and me .
For the rest , my brothers , be made powerful in the Lord and in the might of His strength .

And Jehovah shall give His voice before His army , for His camp is very great . For he who does His word is strong . For the day of Jehovah is very great and terrifying , and who can endure it ?
So says Jehovah , Behold ! A people comes from the north country ; and a great nation shall be stirred from the sides of the earth .
And you shall put the Urim and the Thummim into the breast pocket of judgment ; and they shall be on the heart of Aaron in his going before the face of Jehovah . And Aaron shall bear the judgment of the sons of Israel on his heart before the face of Jehovah continually .
They will curse , but You will bless ; they rise up and are ashamed ; but Your servant will be glad .
And he built altars for all the host of the heavens in the two courts of Jehovah's house .

And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
to Abraham for a purchase before the sons of Heth , with all entering the gate of his city .
And it happened as Moses went into the tabernacle , the pillar of cloud would come down and stand at the door of the tabernacle . And He spoke with Moses .
And she said to him , My father , you have opened your mouth to Jehovah . Do to me whatever has gone out of your mouth , since Jehovah has taken vengeance for you on your enemies , on the sons of Ammon .
But the Lord is faithful who will establish and will guard you from the evil .
And it shall be for a sign on your hand , and frontlets between your eyes . For Jehovah brought us out from Egypt by the might of His hand .
But you are those who forsake Jehovah , who forget My holy mountain ; who array a table for Fortune , and who fill mixed wine for Fate .
For I am poor and needy , and my heart is pierced within me .
Give thanks to Jehovah , for He is good ; for His mercy endures forever .
And the Spirit entered into me as He spoke to me , and He made me stand on my feet , and I heard Him speaking to me .
And may the Lord of peace Himself continually give peace to you in every way . The Lord be with all of you .
For I have kept the ways of Jehovah , and have not acted wickedly against my God .
Now behold how great this one was , to whom even the patriarch Abraham gave a tenth of the spoils ;
How shall we sing the song of Jehovah on a foreign soil ?

And the priests , Eliakim , Maaseiah , Miniamin , Michaiah , Elioenai , Zechariah and Hananiah were with trumpets .
And Jacob came near to his father Isaac . And he felt him , and he said , The voice is the voice of Jacob and the hands are Esau's hands .
But they rebelled against Me and would not listen to Me . They did not each man throw away the filthy idols of their eyes , and they did not forsake the idols of Egypt . Then I said , I will pour out My fury against them , to fulfill My anger against them in the midst of the land of Egypt .
And Moses was not able to come into the tabernacle of the congregation because the cloud dwelt on it . And the glory of Jehovah filled the tabernacle .

And let then gather all the food of these coming good years . And let them heap up grain under Pharaoh's hand as food in the cities , ant let them keep it .
Man goes out to his work , and to his labor until the evening .
And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane . And He said to His disciples , Sit here while I pray .
For John had said to Herod , It is not lawful for you to have the wife of your brother .
And they came in to the valley of Eshcol , and cut down from there a branch and one cluster of grapes . And they carried it on a staff by two ; also of the pomegranates , and of the figs .
a blessing if you hear the commandments of Jehovah your God which I command you today ;
But I have trusted in Your mercy . My heart shall rejoice in Your salvation .
Blessed is the coming kingdom of our father David in the name of the Lord ! Hosanna in the highest !
who gave Himself on our behalf , " that He might redeem us from all iniquity " " and purify " " a people " " for His own possession , " zealous of good works .
And it shall be a reproach and a taunt , a chastening and a horror , to the nations which are all around you , when I shall execute against you judgments in anger and in fury and in rebukes among them . I , Jehovah , have spoken it .
You shall keep them , O Jehovah ; You shall preserve them from this generation forever .
And He shall cut down the thickets of the forest with iron , and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one .
And the waters were going and falling until the tenth month . In the tenth month , on the first of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
And now together they break down its carved work with the axe and hammers .
And Jehovah came down in the cloud . And he placed himself there with Him , and he called on the name of Jehovah .
And see that they are made by their patterns which you were caused to see in the mountain .
And when he comes , he shall strike the land of Egypt . And who ever is for death shall go to death ; and whoever is for captivity shall go into captivity ; and whoever is for the sword , to the sword .
And hearing these words , Ananias fell down and expired . And great fear came on all those hearing these things .
No my sons , for the report which I am hearing is not good , causing the people of Jehovah to transgress .
I lifted up my eyes again and looked , and , behold , A man , and a measuring line in his hand !
foreseeing , he spoke about the resurrection of the Christ , " that His soul was not left in Hades , nor did His flesh see corruption . " Mt-
But you shall die as men , and fall like one of the rulers .
On the morrow , the crowd standing on the other side of the sea had seen that no other little boat was there except one , that one into which His disciples entered , and that Jesus did not go with His disciples into the small boat , but that the disciples went away alone .
And now , do not let my lord the king lay the word to heart , saying , All the king's sons have died ; for only Amnon is dead .
and served the idols , of which Jehovah had said to them , You shall not do this thing .

or the one exhorting , in the encouragement ; the one sharing , in simplicity ; the one taking the lead , in diligence ; the one showing mercy , in cheerfulness .
only that there shall be no one in need among you . For Jehovah will greatly bless you in the land that Jehovah your God is giving you for an inheritance , to possess it ,
And she came in to her mother-in-law . And she said , Who are you , my daughter ? And she told her all that the man had done to her .
I cried to You , but You did not answer me . I stood up , and You looked at me .
Then the waters would have flowed over us ; the torrent would have covered our soul ;

And seeing their thoughts , Jesus said , Why do you think evil in your hearts ?
He redeems my soul in peace from the war being waged against me for they were many with me .
Then Paul said to him , God is going to strike you , whitened wall ! And do you sit judging me according to the Law , and contrary to the Law command me to be stricken ?

And they gave to him seventy silverlings out of the house of Baal-berith . And Abimelech hired worthless and reckless men with them ; and they went after him .

And now swear to me here by God , that you will not lie to me , and to my son , and to my heir , according to the kindness which I have sworn to you . Do to me and to the land in which you have lived .
And I shall make your cities a waste , and shall make your sanctuaries desolate ; and I shall not smell your sweet fragrances .
And an uproar shall rise up among your peoples . And all your strongholds shall be spoiled , as the ruin of Beth-arbel in the day of battle . The mother was dashed in pieces on her sons .

And it shall not be any more as confidence for the house of Israel , recalling the iniquity of their turning after them . And they shall know that I am the Lord Jehovah .
But a slave of the Lord ought not to quarrel , but to be gentle towards all , apt to teach , forbearing ,
then they shall know that I am Jehovah their God who exiled them among the nations . But I have gathered them to their own land and have not left any of them there .

He makes me lie down in green pastures ; He leads me beside the still waters ;

But concerning the resurrection of the dead , have you not read that spoken to you by God , saying :
Yet God was not pleased with most of them , " for they were scattered in the deserted place . "
Their horses were seven hundred and thirty six , their mules two hundred and forty five ,
And Jacob rose up from Beersheba ; and the sons of Israel carried their father Jacob , and their little ones , and their wives in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Put back the rod of Aaron , before the testimony , to be kept as a token to the sons of rebellion . And you shall end their murmurings off Me ; and they shall not die .
And they pulled up stakes from Bethel . And there was yet a length of land to come to Ephrath . And Rachel bore ; and she had hard labor in her bearing .
the commander of fifty and the exalted of face ; the counselor and the skilled craftsman ; and the expert enchanter .
Because of this , so says Jehovah the God of Israel against the shepherds who shepherd My people : You have scattered My flock , and have driven them away , and have not visited them . Behold , I will visit on you the evil of your doings , says Jehovah .
And if I give out all my goods , and if I deliver my body that I be burned , but I do not have love , I am not profited anything .
He goes after her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter ; or as one in fetters goes to the correction of a fool ,
And it happened after this , David asked of Jehovah , saying , Shall I go up to one of the cities of Judah ? And Jehovah said to him , Go up . And David said , Where shall I go up ? And He said , To Hebron .
And you shall make forty sockets of silver for the twenty boards ; two sockets under the one board for its two pins , and two sockets under the one board for its two pins .

The sons of Abraham : Isaac and Ishmael .
And the man Moses was very meek , more than any man who was on the face of the earth .
And rose early in the morning , and the priests bore the ark of Jehovah .
And Elisha said to the king of Israel , What have I to do with you ? Go to the prophets of your father , and to the prophets of your mother . And the king of Israel said to him , No , for Jehovah has called these three kings in order to give them into the hand of Moab .
I have heard the instruction of my chastisement ; and the spirit from my understanding makes me reply .
For the thrones of judgment were established there , the thrones of the house of David .
And Aaron shall make atonement on its horns once in a year ; from the blood of the sin offering of the atonement once in the year he shall make atonement on it for your generations ; it is most holy to Jehovah .
Joel the brother Nathan , Mibhar the son of Haggi ,
And I shall bring you down with those who go into the Pit , with the people of old time , and I shall set you in the earth's lowest parts , in places ruined from days of old , with ones who go to the Pit , so that you have no dwellers . But I gave glory in the land of the living .
And he came to his house , and took the knife and lay hold on his concubine . And he cut her in pieces to her bones , into twelve pieces , and sent her into all the borders of Israel .
And they were there with David three days , eating and drinking . For their brothers had prepared for them .
For what is a man profited gaining the whole world but destroying himself or suffering loss ?
and to make a distinction between the holy and profane , and between the unclean and the clean ;
And enjoin these things that they may be blameless .
So says the Lord Jehovah : When I have gathered the house of Israel from the peoples among whom they are dispersed , and have been sanctified in them in the sight of the nations , then they shall dwell on their land which I have given to My servant Jacob .
giving thanks to the Father , who has made us fit for a share of the inheritance of the saints in light ,
And they sent to Him their disciples with the Herodians , saying , Teacher , we know that you are true , and teach the way of God in truth , and it does not concern you about anyone , for you do not look to the face of men .
But the slave does not remain in the house forever ; the son remains forever .
Or how is anyone able to enter the house of the strong one and plunder his goods , if he does not first tie up the strong one ; and then he will plunder his house ?
Because of this , I endure all things on account of the elect , that they also may obtain salvation in Christ Jesus , with everlasting glory .

And the field , the open land of their cities , shall not be sold ; for it is a never ending possession to them .
And to the sons of Kohath , left of the family of that tribe , ten cities out of the half tribe , the half of Manasseh by lot .
and concerning judgment , because the ruler of this world has been judged .
And Moses finished speaking with them , and he put a veil on his face .
Then when Jesus took the vinegar , He said , It has been finished . And bowing His head , He delivered up the spirit .
Blind Pharisee ! First cleanse the inside of the cup and of the dish , that the outside of them may become clean also .
And continued the lifting up of his discourse , and said :
A runner shall run to meet a runner , and a herald to meet a herald , to announce to the king of Babylon that his city is captured from end to end ,
For each one will bear his own load .
Give from among you three men of a tribe , and I shall send them . And they shall go up and down through the land , and map it according to their inheritance ; and then come to me .
He who flees from the dread shall fall into the pit . And he who goes up out of the pit shall be taken in the snare . For I will bring it on Moab , the year of their punishment , declares Jehovah .

And David again took concubines and wives out of Jerusalem after he came from Hebron . And again sons and daughters were born to David .
And he cursed Israel . And Jonathan the son of Shimea , the brother of David , killed him .
For a door opened to me , great and effective , and many are opposing .
Lod and Ono , the Valley of Craftsmen .
And I will give to My two witnesses , and they will prophesy a thousand , two hundred and sixty days , dressed in sackcloth .
And He spread it before me , and it was written on the face and the back . And written on it were weepings , and mourning , and woe .

And Gaal , the son of Ebed , went out and stood at the opening of the gate of the city . And Abimelech and the people with him rose up from the ambush .
And the tribe of Naphtali ; the ruler of the sons of Naphtali being Ahira the son of Enan .
You shall not extort your neighbor , nor rob ; you shall not allow the wages of one hired to remain with you until morning .
And I will cut a covenant of peace with them , an everlasting covenant it shall be with them , And I will place them and multiply them , and I will put My sanctuary in their midst forever .

which Jehovah has commanded to give to them the day of His anointing them , from the sons of Israel , a never ending statute throughout their generations .
And Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his brothers . And the Spirit of Jehovah came upon David from that day and onward . And Samuel rose up and went to Ramah .
And their charge was the ark , and the table , and the lampstand , and the altars , and the vessels of the sanctuary with which they minister , and the veil , and all its service .

And you forget your Maker Jehovah , who has stretched out the heavens and founded the earth . And you dread continually , every day , from the fury of the oppressor , since he was ready to destroy . And where is the fury of the oppressor ?
And the land was not able to bear them , for dwelling together , for their wealth was great , so that they could not dwell together .
Behold , the Lord Jehovah will help Me ; who is He who will condemn Me ? Behold , like a garment they shall wear out ; the moth shall eat them .
And when the sons of your people shall speak to you , saying , Will you not declare to us what these mean to you ?
These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those numbered to them , sixty thousand , five hundred .
The eyes of Jehovah keep knowledge , and He overthrows the words of the treacherous .

See in what large letters I write to you with my hand .

Blessed are they who hunger and thirst after righteousness ! For they shall be filled .
Does the fountain out of the same hole send forth the sweet and the bitter ?
Take a roll of a book for yourself and write in it all the words that I have spoken to you against Israel , and against Judah , and against all the nations , from the day I spoke to you , from the days of Josiah even to this day .
For if the ministry of condemnation was glory , much rather the ministry of righteousness abounds in glory .
I will never forget Your precepts ; for with them You gave me life .
Jehovah is in His holy temple Jehovah , His throne is in the heavens ; His eyes see ; His eyelids will examine the sons of man .
Jehovah will not allow the soul of the righteous to go hungry , but He pushes away the desire of the wicked .

And you took from your clothes and made for you high places of various colors , and fornicated on them , such as had not come , nor shall be .
Then His disciples said to one another , What is this which He says to us , A little while , and you do not see me ; and again , A little and you will see Me ? And , Because I go away to the Father ?
Man is not a ruler over the spirit , to restrain the spirit ; nor has he power in the day of death . And there is no discharge in that war , nor shall wickedness deliver its possessors .
And singing a hymn , they went to the Mount of Olives .
And he said to his men , Far be it from me , by Jehovah . I shall not do this thing to my lord , to the anointed of Jehovah , to put out my hand against him . For he is the anointed of Jehovah .
And Cush fathered Nimrod ; he began to be a mighty one in the land .
Whirling , He will whirl you like a ball , into a land wide of hands . You shall die there , and there are the chariots of your glory , the shame of your lord's house .
And all who handle the oar shall come down from their ships , the seamen , all the sailors of the sea . They shall stand on the land ,

But then , even as he born according to flesh persecuted the one according to Spirit , so also now .
and they brought in the heave offering , and the tithes , and the holy things , faithfully . And over them was a leader , the Levite Cononiah , and his second brother , Shimei ;
to Titus , a true child according to our common faith . Grace , mercy , peace from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Savior .
Then he numbered the young men of the rulers of the provinces , and they were two hundred and thirty two ; and after them he numbered all the people , even all the sons of Israel , being seven thousand .
The sixth for the sixth month was Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite ; and in his division were twenty four thousand .
So Jehovah will make the crown of the daughter of Zion scabby ; and Jehovah will lay their secret parts bare .
And one wing of the cherub was five cubits ; and the second wing of the cherub five cubits ; ten cubits from the ends of its wings even to the ends of its wings .
For as the earth comes out with her buds , and as a garden causes that which is sown to grow , so the Lord Jehovah will make righteousness and praise to grow before all the nations .
And David said , I will show kindness to Hanun the son of Nahash , as his father showed kindness to me . And David sent to comfort him concerning his father by the hand of his servants . And David servants came into the land of the sons of Ammon .
Nor do they light a lamp and put it under the grain measure , but on the lampstand ; and it shines for all who are in the house .
Then Abram moved his tent and came and lived among the oaks of Mamre , which were in Hebron ; and he built an altar to Jehovah there .
And the sons of Reuben , and the sons of Gad proclaimed regarding the altar , that it was a witness between us that Jehovah is God .
And Bathsheba came in to king Solomon to speak to him for Adonijah . And the king rose up to meet her , and bowed to her , and sat on his throne , and placed a throne for the king's mother . And she sat at his right hand .
When they sin against You ( for there is not a man who does not sin ) and You have been angry with them , and have given them up before an enemy , and they have been led away into captivity to the land of the enemy , far off or near ;
And you shall make the court of the tabernacle ; for the south side southward , hangings for the court of twined linen , a hundred by the cubit in length , for the one side .
And you shall give the Levites to Aaron and to his son . They shall surely be given to him out of the sons of Israel .
Have you found honey ? Eat only your fill , lest you be satiated , and vomit it out .
Jehovah of Hosts has purposed it , to stain the pride of all glory , to bring all the honored of the earth into contempt .

in which also , going in to the spirits in prison , He then proclaimed
But may it never be for me to boast , except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ , through whom the world has been crucified to me , and I to the world .
And Uzziah lay with his fathers , and they buried him with his fathers in the field of the burying place that the kings had ; for they said , He is a leper . And his son Jotham reigned in his place .
And we pulled up stakes from Horeb and went through all that great and fearful wilderness which you have seen , the way of the hills of the Amorites , as Jehovah our God commanded us . And we came into Kadesh-barnea .
and David captured from him a thousand chariots , and seven thousand horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen ; and David hamstrung all the chariot horses , but left of them a hundred chariots .
And they slaughtered the bullock , and brought the boy to Eli .

And all those dwelling in the earth will worship it , those of whom the names had not been written in the Book of Life of the Lamb having been slain from the foundation of the world .
And he said to the king of Israel , Cause your hand to ride on the bow . And he caused his hand to ride . And Elisha placed his hand on the hands of the king ,
And they will come out , the ones having done good into a resurrection of life ; and the ones having practiced evil into a resurrection of judgment .
The nations shall crash like the crashing of many waters , but He rebukes it , and it flees far away ; yea , it is driven like the chaff of mountains before the wind , and like a rolling thing before a tempest .
and their word will have growth like gangrene , of whom are Hymenaeus and Philetus ,
And the king said to me , Why is your face sad , since you are not sick ? This is nothing but sorrow of heart . Then I was very much afraid .
As You have sent Me into the world , I also have sent them into the world ,
And , behold , a lead cover was lifted up , and a woman was sitting in the middle of the ephah .
And he turned aside to her by the roadway , and said , Come now , let me come in to you . For he did not know that she was his daughter-in-law . And she said , What will you give me that you may come in to me ?
But you shall go to my country and to my kindred and take a wife for my son , for Isaac .
and one killed it ; and Moses took the blood and put it on the horns of the altar all around with his finger , and cleansed the altar ; and he poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement on it .
For as a young man marries a virgin , so shall your sons marry you . And as a bridegroom rejoices over the bride , so your God shall rejoice over you .
But when this son of yours came , the one devouring your living with harlots , you killed the fattened calf for him .
The Lord has cast off His altar ; He rejected His holy place . He has delivered the walls of her palaces into the hater's hand . They gave a noise in Jehovah's house , as a day of meeting .
And they took every offering before Moses which the sons of Israel had brought for the work of the service in the holy place , to do it . And they brought to him still more willing offerings morning by morning .
the seventeenth to Hezir , the eighteenth to Aphses ,
I do not pray that You take them out of the world , but that You keep them from evil .
So Hanameel , my uncle's son , came to me in the court of the guard , according to the word of Jehovah , and said to me , Please buy my field in Anathoth , which is in the land of Benjamin ; for the right of inheritance is yours , and the right of redemption is yours . Buy it for yourself . Then I knew that this was the word of Jehovah .
All these cities were fortified with high walls , gates and double-leaved doors , besides a great many of the unwalled towns .
This is the service of the families of the sons of the Gershonites in the tabernacle of the congregation ; and their charge is under the hand of Ithamar , son of Aaron the priest .
She spreads out her palms to the poor , yea , she reaches out her hands to the needy .
For your iniquity teaches your mouth ; and you choose the tongue of the crafty .

And because he was of the same trade , he lived and worked with them ; for they were tentmakers by trade .
Why are we also in danger every hour ?
As for me , is my complaint to man ? And why should not my spirit be short ?
Surely yesterday I have seen the blood of Naboth , and the blood of his sons , says Jehovah . And I will repay you in this portion , says Jehovah . Now , then , take him up , throw him into the portion of Naboth , according to the word of Jehovah .
All the birds of the heavens shall dwell on his ruin , and on his branches shall be all the beasts of the field ,
And I will rebuke the devourer for you , and he shall not destroy the fruit of your ground against you ; nor shall your vine miscarry against you in the field , says Jehovah of hosts .
You have not given water to the faint to drink , and you withheld food from the hungry .
And I drew near the prophetess . And she conceived , and bore a son . Then Jehovah said to me , Call his name , Hurry , plunder ! Eagerly plunder !
And the two angels came into Sodom at evening . And Lot was sitting at the gate of Sodom . And Lot saw , and he rose up to meet them and bowed his face to the earth .

with the Word by whom I covenanted with you when you came out of Egypt , so My Spirit remains among you ; do not fear .
And Jehoiakim the king sent men to Egypt , Elnathan the son of Achbor , and men with him into Egypt .
And they say , It is hopeless . For we will walk after our own thoughts , and we will each one do according to the stubbornness of his evil heart .
Let the peoples thank You , O God ; let all the peoples thank You .

And Solomon went up there on the bronze altar before Jehovah , that was at the tabernacle of the congregation , and offered on it a thousand burnt offerings .

And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves .
If anyone serves Me , let him follow Me ; and where I am , there My servant will also be . And if anyone serves Me , the Father will honor him .
the sons of Lebana , the sons of Hagaba , the sons of Shalmai ,
And the king's servants said to him , Behold , Haman stands in the court . And the king said , Let him come in .
And Jesus , entering into Capernaum , a centurion came near to Him , begging Him ,
the twenty four elders fall down before Him sitting on the throne ; and they will worship the One living forever and ever , and will throw their crowns before the throne , saying ,
I remember God and am troubled ; I meditate and my spirit faints . Selah .
Your right hand , O Jehovah , is glorious in power ; O Jehovah , Your right dashes the enemy to pieces .
And all the men of valor were seven thousand , and the craftsmen and the smiths a thousand ; all were mighty men , warriors ; and the king of Babylon brought them in a captivity to Babylon .
And those sent , returning to the house , found the sick slave well .
And he said , I will go out and become a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets . And He said , You shall entice , and also , you are able . Go out and do so .

She was being brought out , and she sent to her father-in-law , saying , I am pregnant by a man to whom these belong . And she said , Note now whose are these , the signet ring , the bracelet , and the staff ?
What is to My beloved in My house , since she has committed her many evils ? And has the holy flesh caused your evil to pass from you ? How then do you exult ?
For I am like a wineskin in the smoke ; I do not forget Your statutes .
and I saw among the simple ones , I observed among the sons a young man lacking heart ,
Awake ! Awake ! Rise up , O Jerusalem , who drank the cup of His fury from the hand of Jehovah ; you drank the bowl of the cup of reeling ; you fully drained it .
because it has been written , " Be holy , " " because I am holy . "

The deep says , It is not in me ; and the sea says , It is not with me .
until the day He was taken up , having given directions to the apostles whom He chose , through the Holy Spirit ,
And Joseph saw that his father was putting his right hand on the head of Ephraim ; and it was evil in his eyes . And he took hold of his father's hand to turn it from Ephraim's head to the head of Manasseh .
And by his wife Hodesh were Jobab , and Zibia , and Mesha , and Malcham ,
He was taken from prison and from justice ; and who shall consider His generation ? For He was cut off out of the land of the living ; from the transgression of My people , the stroke was to Him .
And he began to build on the second , in the second month , in the fourth year of his reign .
And He instructs him for the right ; his God teaches him .
Which of the prophets did your fathers not persecute ? And they killed those who before announced the coming of the Just One , of whom you now have become betrayers and murderers ,
After him their brothers Bavai the son of Henadad , the ruler of the half part of Keilah , repaired .
For the grief according to God works repentance to salvation , not to be regretted . But the grief of the world works out death .
And it came between the camp of Egypt and the camp of Israel . And it was cloudy and dark . And it gave light to the night ; and this one did not come near to that one all night .
And the sons of Gad built Dibon , and Ataroth , and Aroer ,
Therefore , you must not be persuaded by them , for more than forty men of them lie in wait for him who put themselves under a curse neither to eat nor to drink until they kill him . And now they are ready , awaiting the promise from you .

Do you know the limits of the heavens ; can you establish their rulership on the earth ?
And next to his hand Shallum the son of Halohesh , the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem , he and his daughters repaired .
And you will cry out in that day because of your king whom you have chosen for yourselves . And Jehovah will not answer you in that day .
For Your servant David's sake do not turn away the face of Your anointed .
he seeks out mountains for his pasture ; and he searches after every green thing .
The blind receive sight , and the lame walk ; lepers are cleansed , and the deaf hear ; the dead are raised , and the poor are given the gospel .
And they set it in four rows of stones : one row , the first row : a ruby , a topaz and an emerald .
Your mother is like a vine in your blood , planted by the waters . She was fruitful and full of branches because of many waters .
Because He has loosed His bowstring and afflicted me , they also have thrown off the bridle in my presence .
They who sit in the gate spoke of me ; and I was the song of drunkards .
And the men of Ai looked behind them , and saw ; and , behold ! The smoke of the city had gone up into the sky . And there was no power in them to flee here or there . And the people who had fled to the wilderness turned back against the pursuers .
Let the wilderness and its cities lift up , the villages where Kedar lives . Let the dwellers of the rock sing ; let them shout from the top of the mountains .
A Song of Ascents . When Jehovah turned back the captivity of Zion , we were like those who dream .
Again , he sent other slaves , saying , Tell the ones invited , Behold , I have prepared my supper ; my oxen , and the fatlings are killed , and all things ready ; come to the wedding feast .
The voice of Jehovah is on the waters the God of glory thunders ; Jehovah is above many waters .
Go up and go in to king David . And you shall say to him , My lord , O king , have you not sworn to your handmaid , saying , Surely your son Solomon shall reign after me , and he shall sit on my throne ? And why does Adonijah reign ?
And the angel whom I saw standing on the sea and on the land lifted his hand to Heaven ,

And Elijah with Moses was seen by them , and they were speaking with Jesus .
Then called for the Reubenites , and the Gadites , and the half tribe of Manasseh ,
And he sent young men of the sons of Israel . And they offered up burnt offerings , and offered sacrifices of bullocks , peace offerings to Jehovah .
who had his abode among the tombs ; and no one was able to bind him , not even with chains .
All these were at the hands of their father for song in the house of Jehovah , with cymbals , harps , and lyres , for the service of the house of God , at the hands of the king : Asaph , Jeduthun and Heman .
both for the Bread of Arrangement , and for the fine flour for food offering , and for the unleavened cakes , and for the pan , and for what is soaked in oil , and for every measure and size ,
Grace to you and peace from God the Father and our Lord Jesus Christ ,
And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God , and the golden altar , and the tables on which the Bread of the Presence rested ;
I will bear the fury of Jehovah because I have sinned against Him , until He pleads my cause and brings forth justice for me . He will bring me out to the light ; I shall see His righteousness .
Then the king made Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego prosper in the province of Babylon .
So says Jehovah , By this you shall know that I am Jehovah : Behold , I am about to strike the water in the river with the staff in My hand , and it shall be turned to blood .
And he engraved cherubs , lions , and palm trees on the plates of its sides , and on its borders , as the place of each , with wreaths all around .
Behold , I have taught you statutes and ordinances , as Jehovah my God has commanded me , to do them , in the midst of the land where you are going in , to possess it ,
And Joab said to the king , Yea , may Jehovah your God add to the people , however many they may be , a hundredfold . And may the eyes of my lord the king see it . But why does my lord the king delight in this thing ?
And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering , and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar .

He also made the bases ; and he made lavers on the bases ;
And answering , Simon said , I suppose the one to whom he freely forgave the most . And He said to him , You have judged rightly .
O Jehovah , give them . What will you give them ? Give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts .
And he said , A hundred baths of oil . And he said to him , Take your statements and sitting quickly write fifty .
Behold ! Children are an inheritance of Jehovah ; the fruit of the womb is His reward .
And Johanan , the son of Kareah , spoke to Gedaliah in Mispah secretly , saying , Please let me go , and I will strike Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , and a man shall not know . Why should he strike your soul , and all the Jews who are gathered to you be scattered , and the remnant of Judah perish ?
And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him at the cave of Mach-pelah , at the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite which is before Mamre ,
Who will bring me into the strong city ? Who will lead me into Edom ?
a time to weep , and a time to laugh ; a time to mourn , and a time to dance ;
And righteousness shall be the encircler of His loins , and faithfulness the encircler of His reins .
And Lamech lived one hundred and eighty two years and fathered a son .
But faith coming , we are no longer under a trainer ;
And instantly the man became well , and took up his cot and walked . And it was a sabbath that day .
And the remainder is for the prince , on this side and on that of the holy heave offering , and of the possession of the city in the front of the twenty five thousand of the heave offering to the east border , and westward in the front of the twenty five thousand to the west border ; alongside the parts of the prince . And it shall be a holy heave offering , and the sanctuary of the house in its midst .
But days will come , even when the bridegroom is taken away from them , then in those days they will fast .
It is better to be of a lowly spirit with the poor than to divide the spoil with the proud .
and the pattern of all that he had by the Spirit , for the courts of the house of Jehovah , and for all the rooms all around , for the treasuries of the house of God , and for the treasuries of the things dedicated ;
So you shall do to your oxen , to your sheep : it shall be seven days with its mother ; on the eighth day you shall give it to Me . And you shall be holy men to Me .
who sent signs and wonders into your midst , O Egypt , on Pharaoh and on all his servants ;
Resh . Look on my affliction and deliver me ; for I do not forget Your law .
Even as the body is one , and has many members , but all the members of the one body , being many , are one body , so also is Christ .
And Judah came near to him and said , O my lord , please let your servant speak a word in the ears of my lord , and let not your anger glow on your servant , for you are like Pharaoh .
And the woman was a Greek , a Syro-phenocian by race . And she asked Him , that He would cast out the demon from her daughter .
And a man of Benjamin ran out of the battle line and came to Shiloh on that day . And his clothes were torn , and earth on his head .
Roll from me reproach and scorn ; for I have kept Your testimonies .
But many first shall be last , and the last shall be first .
And then He will send His angels and will gather His elect from the four winds , from the end of earth to the end of heaven .

You shall surely tithe all the increase of your seed that the field yields year by year .
I will worship toward Your holy temple , and give thanks to Your name for Your mercy , and for Your truth ; for You have magnified Your word above all Your name .
And Er , Judah's first born , was evil in the eyes of Jehovah . And Jehovah killed him .
And Pharaoh said to his servants , Can we find any man like this , in whom is the Spirit of God ?
the sons of Hanan , the sons of Giddel , the sons of Gahar ,

A roaring will go to the ends of the earth , for Jehovah has a controversy with the nations . He will enter into judgment with all flesh ; He will give the wicked to the sword , says Jehovah .
And the duty of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation was the tabernacle , and the tent , and its coverings , and the veil at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation ;
Then the prophet said to Hananiah the prophet , Hear now , Hananiah , Jehovah has not sent you , but you have made this people trust in a lie .
And now , O Jehovah , please take my life from me . For better is my death than my life .
And when these went into the house of Micah and took the graven image , the ephod , and the household idols , and the casted image , even the priest said to them , What are you doing ?
And do you not have there with you Zadok and Abiathar , the priests ? And it shall be , you shall declare everything that you hear from the house of the king ; you shall report to Zadok and to Abiathar , the priests .
And he set a graven image of the Asherah that he made in the house of which Jehovah had said to David and to his son Solomon , In this house , and in Jerusalem , that I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel , I will put My name forever .
and Lebaoth , and Shilhim , and Ain , and Rimmon . All the cities are twenty nine and their villages .
The righteousness of the upright shall deliver them , but traitors shall be taken in their lust .
And , behold , coming near , one said to Him , Good Teacher , what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life ?
And he replied and said , Must not I take heed to speak what Jehovah has put in my mouth ?
Little children , you are of God and have overcome them , because He in you is greater than he in the world .
The steps of a man are from Jehovah , and what can man discern of his way ?
And Jehovah sent against him the troops of the Chaldeans , and the troops of Syria , and the troops of Moab , and the troops of the Ammonites ; and He sent them against Judah to destroy it , according to the word of Jehovah that He spoke by the hand of His servants the prophets .
For they shall eat and not have enough . They shall fornicate and not increase , because they have ceased heeding Jehovah .
And Jehovah said to Jehu , Because you have done well , to do the right in my eyes , and you have done to the house of Ahab according to all that was in My heart , the sons of the fourth generation shall sit for you on the throne of Israel .
And it happened , at the time of the return of the year , at the time when kings go forth , that Joab led out the power of the army and wasted the country of the Ammonites and came and besieged Rabbah . But David remained at Jerusalem . And Joab struck Rabbah and overthrew it .
And it shall be , he who flees from the sound of dread shall fall into the pit . And he who comes up out of the middle of the pit shall be taken in the snare . For the windows from on high are opened , and the earth's foundations quake .
And made peace with them , and cut a covenant with them , to keep them alive . And the leaders of the congregation swore to them .
By the sweat of your face you shall eat bread until your return to the ground . For you have been taken out of it ; for you are dust , and to dust you shall return .
And saying these things , placing his knees , he prayed with them all .
Then some of the elders of the land rose up and spoke to all the assembly of the people , saying ,
And Jehoshabeath the daughter of the king took Joash the son of Ahaziah and stole him from among the sons of the king who were put to death , and put him and his nurse into the store room of the bedroom . And Jehoshabeath , the daughter of king Jehoram , the wife of Jehoiada the priest , because she was the sister of Ahaziah , hid him from the face of Athaliah ; and she did not put him to death .
In that day he shall swear , saying , I will not be one who binds up ; for there is no bread nor a cloak in my house ; you shall not make me a ruler of the people .
And Jesus immediately allowed them . And coming out , the unclean spirits entered into the pigs . And the herd rushed down the cliff into the sea ( and they were about two thousand ) , and they were choked in the sea .

And it shall be in the last days , the mountain of the house of Jehovah shall be established in the top of the mountains , and shall be exalted above the hills ; and all nations shall flow into it .
stretching out the heavens by Himself , and walking on the waves of the sea ;
For Your arrows sink in me , and Your hand presses heavily on me .
The reward of humility is the fear of Jehovah , riches , and honor , and life .
And he said to his young man Gehazi , Call this Shunammite . And he called her , and she stood before him .
And answering , Jesus said to them , Do you think that these Galileans were sinners beyond all the Galileans , because they suffered such things ?
And he brought out the son of the king , and put the crown on him , and the testimony . And they made him king , and anointed him , and clapped their hands , and said , Let the king live !

And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah each was sitting on his throne having put on their robes , in a grain-floor in the entrance of the gate of Samaria . And all the prophets prophesied before them .
For as the rain and the snow comes down from the heavens and do not return there , except it waters the earth and make it bring forth and bud , and give seed to the sower and bread to the eater ,
The heart of the understanding one seeks knowledge , but the mouth of fools feeds on folly .
And the sons of Israel ate , those who had returned from the exile , and who had all separated themselves to them from the impurity of the nations of the land , to seek Jehovah the God of Israel .
Can you bring out the constellations in their season ; or can you guide the Bear with its sons ?
These were the sons of Levi to the house of their fathers , the heads of the fathers , to their rosters , by number of names , by their heads , who did the work for the service of the house of Jehovah from the son of twenty years and over .
And Abram said to Lot , Please let there be no strife between me and you , and between my herdsmen and your herdsmen , for we are men , brothers .
and Joel ; and Jehu the son of Josibiah , the son of Seraiah , the son of Asiel ;
The queen came in to the banquet house because of the words of the king and his nobles . The queen spoke and said , O king , live forever , do not let your thoughts trouble you , and do not let your face be changed .
Yea , Jehovah , in the path of Your judgments we awaited You ; for Your name and for Your memory is the desire of our soul .
For truly I say to you , Whoever says to this mountain , Be taken up and be thrown into the sea , and does not doubt in his heart , but believes that what he says will happen , it will be to him , whatever he says .
And said to the house of the Rechabites , So says Jehovah of Hosts the God of Israel : Because you have obeyed your father Jonadab's command , and have kept all his commands , and have done according to all that he has commanded you ,

even their numbered ones were eight thousand , five hundred and eighty ;
He trusted in Jehovah the God of Israel , and after him there was none like him among all the kings of Judah , nor who were before him ;

having delivered you from the people and the nations , to whom I now send you ,
And I will lead the blind by a way they knew not ; I will lead them in paths they never knew ; I will make darkness into light before them , and crooked places a level place . I do these things to them and do not forsake them ;
And binding Him , they led Him away and delivered Him to Pontius Pilate the governor .
and the lampstands , five on the right and five on the left before the Holy of Holies , of refined gold , and the flowers , and the lamps , and the tongs were of gold ;
And it will be when I gather the clouds on the earth , then the bow shall be seen in the clouds .

And Caleb stilled the people before Moses , and said , We will certainly go up , and we will seize it , for we are well able to do it .
He who has a good eye , he is blessed , for he gives of his bread to the poor .
But glory and honor and peace will be to everyone that works out good , both to the Jew first , and to the Greek .

And the door was ten cubits wide . And the sides of the door were five cubits from here and five cubits from there . And he measured its length , forty cubits , and twenty cubits wide .
For it is not an enemy reproaching me , or I could bear it ; it is not one who hates me who is magnifying himself against me ; or I would hide myself from him .
And why do you discourage the heart of the sons of Israel from passing over to the land which Jehovah has given to them ?
And His disciples went out and came into the city and found it as He told them . And they prepared the Passover .
And his servants carried him in a chariot to Jerusalem , and buried him in his buryingplace , with his fathers in the city of David .

And one of his servants said , No , my lord O king , For Elisha the prophet who is in Israel tells the king of Israel the words that you speak in your sleeping room .
and until Jehovah has sent mankind far away , and the desolation in the midst of the land is great .
We bring in our bread with our souls , from the face of the sword of the wilderness .
He shall judge the poor of the people ; and He shall save the sons of the needy ; and He shall crush the oppressor .
to which I was appointed a herald and apostle ( I speak the truth in Christ , I do not lie ) , a teacher of the nations , in faith and truth .
But God made the people turn toward the way of the wilderness , to the Sea of Reeds . And the sons of Israel went up armed from the land of Egypt .
And Satan went out from before the face of Jehovah . And he struck with bad burning ulcers from the sole of his foot to the top of his head .

And seeing their faith , He said to him , Man , your sins have been forgiven you .
except that it was Jehovah who was for us when men rose up against us ,
And it happened , the poor one died and was carried away by the angels into the bosom of Abraham . And the rich one also died and was buried .
Then David himself calls Him Lord . And from where is He his son ? And the large crowd heard Him gladly .
for you then were darkness , but now light in the Lord ; walk as children of light .
And Jehovah put a word in Balaam's mouth , and said , Return to Balak , and you shall say this .
as in the saying , " Today , if you hear His voice , do not harden your hearts , as in the provocation . " ;
Your fierce wrath goes over me ; Your terrors have cut me off .
And he built the house of the forest of Lebanon . Its length was a hundred cubits , and its breadth fifty cubits , and its height thirty cubits on four rows of cedar pillars , and cedar beams on the pillars .
O sons of men , until when shall My glory be for a reproach ? Will you love vanity ? Will you run after a lie ? Selah .
to Him who by wisdom made the heavens ; for His mercy endures forever ;
Behold , I will command and cause them to return to this city , says Jehovah . And they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire . And I will make the cities of Judah a ruin , without a soul to live in it .
In you they have despised father and mother . In your midst they have dealt with the alien by oppression . In you they oppressed the widow and the orphan .
And He said , Abba , Father , all things are possible to You ; take this cup from Me . Yet not what I will , but what You will .
And all of us falling to the ground , I heard a voice speaking to me , and saying in the Hebrew dialect , Saul , Saul why do you persecute Me ? It is hard for you to kick against the prods .
A host of camels shall cover you , young camels of Midian and Ephah . All of them shall come from Sheba , they shall carry gold and incense ; and they shall proclaim the praises of Jehovah .
If we receive the witness of men , the witness of God is greater ; because this is the witness of God which He has witnessed about His Son :
And taking along Peter and the two sons of Zebedee , He began to grieve and to be deeply troubled .
And the governor , and Ezra the priest , the scribe , and the Levites who taught the people , said to all the people , This day is holy to Jehovah your God . Do not mourn or weep , For all the people wept when they heard the words of the Law .
his offering : one silver dish , its weight a hundred and thirty , one silver basin of seventy shekels according to the sanctuary shekel , both of them full of flour mixed with oil for a food offering ;
There was a man sent from God ; his name was John .
And the messenger went and came and told David all that which Joab had sent him to tell ,
And his army , and those numbered of them were forty one thousand and five hundred .
Simon Peter said to them , I am going out to fish . They said to him , We also are coming with you . They went and entered into the boat at once . And in that night , they caught nothing .
and three tenth parts of flour , a food offering mixed with oil for the one bullock ; and two tenths parts of flour as a food offering mixed with oil for the one ram ;

and the border of Og the king of Bashan , of the rest of the giants , who lived at Ashtaroth and at Edrei ,
Turn her captivity again , O Jehovah , like the south streams .
For the horses oh Pharaoh went in with his chariots and his horsemen into the sea , and Jehovah brought back the waters of the sea on them ; and the sons of Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea .
which they also did , sending to the elders through the hand of Barnabas and Saul .
This One will be great and will be called Son of the Most High . And the Lord God will give Him the throne of His father David .
But You , O Jehovah , be gracious to me and raise me up , and I will repay them .
And he shall bring his guilt offering to Jehovah for his sin which he has sinned , a female out of the flock , a lamb , or a doe of the goats , for a sin offering . And the priest shall atone for him regarding his sin .
and said to them , Go into the village opposite you . And going into it , at once you will find a colt tied , on which no one of men has sat . Untying it , bring it .
And he said to him , Your brother came , and your father killed the fattened calf , because he received him back in health .
Have you not known ? Have you not heard ? Was it not told to you from the beginning ? Did you not discern from the foundations of the earth ?
And the anger of God glowed because he went . And the Angel of Jehovah set Himself in the road , as an enemy against him . And he was riding on his ass , and two of his young men with him .
But to each one of us was given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ .
And it happened in those days , even Moses was grown , and he went out to his brothers and looked upon their burdens . And he saw an Egyptian man strike a Hebrew man of his brothers .
saying , Were it not the provocation of an enemy I feared , that their foes should judge amiss , that they might not say , Our hand is high , and Jehovah has not done all this .
And after these things Jesus was walking in Galilee ; for He did not desire to walk in Judea , because the Jews were lusting to kill Him .
And it shall be , if you shall hear all that I command you , and shall walk in My ways , and do that which is right in My eyes , to keep My statutes and My commands , as My servant David did , then I shall be with you and shall build a sure house for you , as I built for David , and shall give Israel to you .
Andrew the brother of Simon Peter was one of the two who heard from and was following Him .
And I have placed the ark there , where the covenant of Jehovah is , that He made with the sons of Israel .
Truly , truly , I say to you that you will weep and will lament , but the world will rejoice . And you will be grieved , but your grief will become joy .
Shall he therefore empty his net , and shall he not spare to continually slay nations ?
And the inhabitants of Jerusalem made his youngest son Ahaziah king in his place ( for all the first ones had been slain by the troop that came in with the Arabians to the battle ) and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram the king of Judah reigned .

And now , come down according to all the desires of your soul , O king . Come down , and our duty is to deliver him up into the king's hand .
The sons of Mushi : Mahli , and Eder , and Jeremoth , three .
For I , Jehovah , love judgment , hating plunder in burnt offering . And I will give their work in truth ; and I will cut an everlasting covenant for them .
and Salmon fathered Boaz ; and Boaz fathered Obed ;
Behold ! Even so I will gather you to your fathers , and you shall be gathered into your grave in peace ; and your eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring on this place . And they brought back this word to the king .
Let all their evil come before You ; and do to them as You have done to me for all my transgressions . For my sighs are many , and my heart is faint .
And you shall do according to the word which they declare to you from that place which Jehovah shall choose . And you shall be careful to do according to all that they direct you .

If a prophet or a dreamer of dreams rises among you , and gives you a sign or a wonder ,
And I will lay justice for a line , and righteousness for a plummet ; and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of the lie ; and the waters shall overflow the hiding place .
Behold ! It is written before Me : I will not be silent , except I repay ; yea , I will repay to their bosom ,
Though he heaps up silver like the dust , and prepares clothing like the clay ;
far above all principality , and authority , and power , and lordship , and every name being named , not only in this age , but also in the coming age ;
And Abram went out , even as Jehovah had spoken to him . And Lot went with him . And Abram was a son of seventy five years when he went out from Haran .
The heavens ; the heavens are Jehovah's , but He has given the earth to the sons of men .
No lion shall be there ; and no violent beast shall go up on it ; it shall not be found there . But redeemed ones shall walk there .
Looking intently on this , I observed . And I saw the four-footed animals of the earth , and the wild beasts , and the creeping things , and the birds of the heaven .
And Jesus rebuked him , and the demon came out from him ; and the boy was healed from that hour .
For if they do these things in the green tree , what may take place in the dry ?
And it happened when it had made an end of eating the vegetation of the land , then I said , Lord Jehovah , I beg You , forgive . How can Jacob stand ? For he is small .
And let all things be done decently and in order .

And the Scripture was fulfilled , saying , " And Abraham believed God , and it was counted for righteousness to him ; " and he was called , Friend of God .
And Jesus and His disciples went out to the villages of Caesarea of Philip . And in the way , He questioned His disciples , saying to them , Whom do men say Me to be ?

And with great power the apostles gave testimony of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus , and great grace was upon them all .
And Jehovah shall turn aside every sickness from you ; and He will not put on you any of the evil diseases of Egypt , which you have known , but He will put them on all who hate you .
You are sons to Jehovah your God ; you shall not cut yourselves , nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead .
And immediately after the affliction of those days the sun will be darkened and the moon will not give her light , and the stars will fall from the heaven , and the powers of the heavens will be shaken .
And you shall lay these words up in your hearts , and in your souls , and shall bind them for a sign on your hand . And they shall be for frontlets between your eyes .
Then one said to Him , Behold , Your mother and Your brothers are standing outside , seeking to speak to You .
To the chief musician . A Psalm of David . O Jehovah , deliver me from the evil man ; keep me from the violent man ,
And Rephah was his son ; also Resheph , and Telah , his son ; and Tahan , his son ;
And they found written in the Law which Jehovah had commanded by Moses , that the sons of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month :
the thresholds , and the latticed windows , and the galleries all around , their three stories opposite the threshold , were paneled with wood all around , and from the ground up to the windows , and the windows were covered
And these are those being sown on the good ground , who hear and welcome the Word and bring forth fruit , one thirty , and one sixty , and one a hundredfold .
And also the Glory of Israel will not lie nor repent , for He is not a man that He should repent .
And the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the sons of Asher , according to their families .
When the ram's horn sounds , he says , Aha ! And he smells the battle from a distance , the thunder of the captains , and the shouting .
Why since times are not hidden from the Almighty , even those knowing Him do not see His days ?
And Absalom urged him , and he sent Amnon with him , and all the king's sons .
And they pulled up from Ebronah and camped in Ezion-geber .
after Jeconiah the king , and the queen mother , and the eunuchs , the rulers of Judah and Jerusalem , and the craftsmen , and the smiths , had gone out from Jerusalem .
He shall build a house for My Name , and I shall establish the throne of his kingdom forever .
For you have taken a pledge from your brother for nothing , and you have stripped the naked of their clothing .
I will run the way of Your commands , for You shall enlarge my heart .
And those also , if they do not continue in unbelief , will be grafted in . For God is able to graft them in again .
And I will bless those who bless you , and curse the one despising you . And in you all families of the earth shall be blessed .
When they sin against You ( for there is not a man who does not sin ) and You shall be angry with them and shall give them up before an enemy , and their captors shall take them captive , to a land distant or near ;
So says Jehovah , Behold I will turn the captivity of Jacob's tents and will have mercy on his dwelling places . And the city shall be built on her ruin heap ; and the palace shall remain on its own place .
And they all said , Then are you the Son of God ? And He said to them , You say it , because I AM !

imparting to the needs of the saints , pursuing hospitality .
He delivers the afflicted by his affliction , and He opens their ears by oppression .
For Your servants take pleasure in its stones , and pity its dust .
And Joseph said to his father , Not so , my father ! For this one is the first born ; put your right hand on his head .
And he also went in to Rachel , and he also loved Rachel more than Leah . And he served with him yet another seven years .
He spoke to them in the cloudy pillar ; they kept His testimonies and the law that He gave to them .
Will you judge them , will you judge , son of man ? Cause them to know the abominations of their fathers .
For I am already being poured out , and the time of my release is here .
They said to Him , Bad men ! He will miserably destroy them , and he will rent out the vineyard to other vinedressers who will give to him the fruits in their seasons .
And those in the boat came and worshiped Him , saying , Truly , You are the Son of God .
nor did they act with kindness on the house of Jerubbaal , Gideon , according to all the good which he did with Israel .
All His works are known to God from eternity .
And the city came under siege until the eleventh year of king Zedekiah .
She also bore Shaaph the father of Madmannah , Sheva the father of Machbenah , and the father of Gibea . And Caleb's daughter was Achsah .
And David said to Achish , But what have I done ? And what have you found in your servant from the day that I have been in your presence until today , that I may not go in and fight against the enemies of my lord the king ?
And Samuel said , And why do you ask me , since Jehovah has departed from you and is your foe ?
My children , for whom I again travail until Christ should be formed to you ,
And I will take away his bloods out of his mouth , and his abominations from between his teeth . But the remnant , even he , shall be for our God . And he shall be as a governor in Judah , and Ekron , like a Jebusite .

And you shall not pollute the land in which you are , for blood pollutes the land . And no ransom is to be taken for the land for blood which is shed in it , except for the blood of him who sheds it ;
and I shall walk always in your midst , and shall be God to you , and you , you shall be people to Me ;
The crown has fallen from our head . Woe now to us , for we have sinned !
where their worm does not die , and the fire is not put out .
A drought is on her waters , and they shall be dried up . For it is the land of idols , and they boast themselves in idols .
The heaven and the earth will pass away , but My words in no way will pass away .

has withdrawn his hand from the poor , and has not received interest and increase . He has done My judgments , has walked in My statutes . He shall not die for the iniquity of his father . He shall surely live .
in sound speech , not to be condemned ; that he who is opposed may he ashamed , having nothing bad to say about you .
In former times in Israel , a man who was going to seek God said this , Come and we shall go to the seer ; for the prophet of today was formerly called the seer .
Jesus answered and said to him , Because I said to you I saw you under the fig tree , do you believe ? You will see greater things than these .
The son of Anah was Dishon . And the sons of Dishon : Amram , and Eshban and Ithran , and Cheran .
even as He spoke through the mouth of His holy prophets from the age before :


Turn back , my daughters , go . For I am too old to belong to a husband . Though I should say , There is hope for me , and I should be tonight with a husband , and also I should bear sons ;
and the enrollment by genealogy with all their infants , their wives , and their sons and their daughters , to all the assembly , for in their faithfulness they sanctified themselves in holiness .
My oppressors reproach me with crushing in my bones . when they say to me every day , Where is your God ?
I will sing to Jehovah , because He has rewarded me .
so also these now have disobeyed , so that they also may obtain mercy by your mercy .

And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Jehovah takes pleasure in those who fear Him , those who hope in His mercy .
saying , " Go to this people and say , You will surely hear , and not at all understand ; and you will surely see , and not at all perceive ;
After him the Tekoites repaired another piece , opposite the great tower that sticks out , even to the wall of Ophel .
And Adoni-bezek said , Seventy kings with their thumbs and their big toes cut off used to be gathering scraps under my table . As I have done , so God has repaid me . And they brought him to Jerusalem , and he died there .
There is Elam and all her multitude around her grave , all of them slain , fallen by the sword , who went down uncircumcised into the earth's lowest parts , who gave their terror in the land of the living . Yet they bore their shame with those going down to the Pit .
And the masters of arrows harass him , and shoot , and an archer lurks for him .
Then , receiving the morsel , he immediately went out . And it was night .
Because every creature of God is good , and nothing to be thrust away , but having been received with thanksgiving ;
And they do not say within their hearts that I remember all their evil . Now their own doings have hemmed them in . They are before My face .
But I will come to you when I go through Macedonia . For I am going through Macedonia .
And the waters prevailed , and were greatly increased on the earth . And the ark floated on the face of the waters .
But he not having any to pay , the lord commanded him to be sold , also his wife and children , and all things , as much as he had , even to pay back .
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter-in-law ; she is your son's wife ; you shall not uncover her nakedness .
And the sons of Ammon saw that the Syrians fled , and they fled before Abishai , and went into the city . And Joab returned from the sons of Ammon , and came to Jerusalem .
For in one hour such great wealth was desolated . And every ship-pilot and all company on the ships , and sailors , and as many as work the sea , stood from afar ,
But He spoke of Judas Iscariot , Simon's son , for this one was about to betray Him , being one of the Twelve .
praising God , and having favor with all the people . And the Lord added to the church those being saved from day to day .

And it shall be , if they will not believe you and will not listen to the voice of the first sign , that they will believe the latter sign .

Then do not be partners with them ;
For so says Jehovah concerning the king of Judah's house , You are Gilead to Me , the head of Lebanon ; yet surely I will make you a wilderness , cities not inhabited .
And I turned my heart about , to know , and to search , and to seek out wisdom , and the reason of things , and to know the wickedness of folly , and the foolishness of madness :
though these three men were in its midst , as I live , declares the Lord Jehovah , they would deliver neither sons nor daughters ; they would only deliver themselves , but the land would be desolate .
For surely there is a hereafter , and your hope shall not be cut off .
Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites and the family of the Mushites . These were the families of Merari .
And also all that generation was gathered to their fathers , and another generation arose after them who had not known Jehovah , nor yet the works which He had done for Israel .

He shall not escape from darkness ; the flame shall dry up his branches ; and he shall turn at the breath of His mouth .
And Moses brought out all the rods from before Jehovah to all the sons of Israel . And they looked , and each one took his rod .

And he made forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards ; two sockets under the one board for its two pins .
Turn to me and favor me , as is the way to those who love Your name .
And being aroused from sleep , Joseph did as the angel of the Lord commanded him , and took his wife ,
When a prophet speaks in the name of Jehovah , if the thing does not happen or come about , that is the thing which Jehovah has not spoken ; that prophet has spoken it proudly ; you shall not be afraid of him .
And to the families of the sons of Merari , the rest of the Levites , out of the tribe of Zebulun , they gave Jokneam and its open lands , and Kartah and its open lands ,
And John was clothed in camel's hair , and a leather girdle about his loin , and eating locusts and wild honey .
and all the house of Joseph and his brothers , and the house of his father . Only , they left their little ones and their flocks and their herds in the land of Goshen .
and the land of the Giblites , and all Lebanon , toward the sunrising , from Baal-gad below Mount Hermon to the entering to Hamath ;
If his offering is out of the herd , a male , a perfect one , he shall bring it to the opening of the tabernacle of the congregation , at his pleasure , before the face of Jehovah .
And Jehovah God said to the woman , What is this you have done ? And the woman said , The serpent deceived me , and I ate .
And Ishbosheth sent and took her from the man , from Phaltiel the son of Laish .
And they placed the ark of Jehovah on the cart , and the coffer with the golden mice and the images of their hemorrhoids .
See My hands and My feet , that I am He ? Feel Me and see , because a spirit does not have flesh and bones , as you see Me having .
And he made bars of acacia wood ; five to the boards of the second side of the tabernacle ;
Whoever turns aside his ear from hearing the law , even his prayer is an abomination .
My mouth shall tell of Your righteousness and Your salvation all the day ; for I do not know the numbers .
And there was war between Asa and Baasha the king of Israel all their days .
If you love Me , keep My commandments .
And immediately stretching out the hand , Jesus took hold of him , and said to him , Little-faith , why did you doubt ?
If she is a wall , we will build a turret of silver on her . And if she is a door , we will enclose her with boards of cedar .
and their sons who have not known shall hear , and shall learn to fear Jehovah your God all the days which you live on the land where you are crossing over the Jordan to possess it .
And Saul said to Samuel , I have sinned , for I have transgressed the mouth of Jehovah and your word , because I feared the people , and I listened to their voice .
But Jesus said to him , Leave the dead to bury their dead , but going out , you announce the kingdom of God .

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Restore to me the joy of Your salvation , and uphold me with a willing spirit .
Then I lifted up my eyes and looked . And behold ! A ram was standing before the canal , having two horns . And the two horns were high , but one was higher than the other , and the higher one came up last .

And revolters have gone deep in slaughtering , and I chasten all of them .

And also through his skill he will make deceit succeed in his land . And he will lift himself up in his heart , and be at ease ; he shall destroy many . He shall also stand up against the Ruler of rulers , but he shall be broken without a hand .
Only the tree which you know not to be a fruit tree , you may destroy it , and may cut it down , and may build a bulwark against the city making war with you , until you have subdued it .
and that from a babe you know the Holy Scriptures , those being able to make you wise to salvation through belief in Christ Jesus .
If you are willing and hear , you shall eat the good of the land .
And he made two cherubs of gold ; he made them of beaten work , from the two ends of the mercyseat ;
For both prophet and priest are ungodly ; yea , I have found their evil in My house , says Jehovah .
The men of Anathoth were a hundred and twenty eight .
Do not be hasty with your mouth , and do not let your heart hurry to bring forth a word before God . For God is in Heaven , and you are on earth ; on account of this , let your words be few .
As often as it passes , it shall take you ; for morning by morning it shall pass ; and by day and by night , it shall only be a terror to understand the message .
And how will you turn back the face of one prefect of the least of the servants of my lord , that you trust for yourself upon Egypt for chariots and for horsemen ?
And Jehovah said to Moses , See , I have made you a god to Pharaoh ; and your brother Aaron shall be your prophet .
even Simeon received Him into his arms . And he blessed God and said ,
But you know that because of weakness of the flesh , I announced the gospel to you before ;
Behold , the day of Jehovah comes , and your spoil shall be divided among you .
And they laid hands on them , and put them into custody until the morrow , for it was already evening .
As he went to Ziklag , there fell to him from Manasseh , Adnah , and Jozabad , and Jediael , and Michael , and Jozabad , and Elihu , and Zillethai , heads of the thousands that were of Manasseh .
You shall not rule over him with severity , and you shall fear your God .
Return to your rest , O soul ; for Jehovah has blessed you .
And it happened as He drew near to Bethphage and Bethany toward the Mount called Of Olives , He sent two of the disciples ,
He shall separate from wine and fermented drink ; he shall not drink vinegar of wine or vinegar of fermented drink ; he shall not drink any juice of the grapes ; and he shall not eat dry or moist grapes .
When he was taken from the highway , every man passed on after Joab to pursue Sheba the son of Bichri .
then he shall count the years since its sale , and shall give back the surplus to the man to whom he sold ; and he shall return to his possession .
beside the gates ; before the entrance of the city , at the doors , she cries .
one cherub here at one end , and one cherub here at the other end . He made the cherubs from the mercyseat , from its two ends .

Rule and fear are with Him . He makes peace in His high places .
saying , Men , I see that the voyage is about to be with injury and much loss , not only of the cargo and of the ship , but also of our souls .
He made darkness His covering , His pavilion all around Him , darkness of waters , thick clouds of the skies .
And boarding a ship of Adramyttium which was about to sail alongside Asian places , we set sail , Aristarchus a Macedonian of Thessalonica being with us .
Then , brothers , having confidence for the entering of the Holy of Holies by the blood of Jesus ,
and the hangings of the court , and the veil at the door of the court , which is by the tabernacle and by the altar all around , and its cords , to all its service .
But in his place he shall honor the god of forces , and he shall honor a god whom his fathers did not know , with gold and silver and with precious stones , and desirable things .
And if she belongs to a husband , and her vows are on her , or a rash utterance on her lips with which she has bound her soul ,
But Absalom did not speak either good or evil with Amnon , for Absalom hated Amnon , because he had humbled his sister Tamar .

And he begged Him very much that He would not send them outside the country .
There cannot be Jew nor Greek , there is no slave nor freeman , there is no male and female ; for you are all one in Christ Jesus .
And they shall live in it . And there shall not again be a shutting in , but Jerusalem shall dwell safely .
The word that the prophet spoke to Baruch , the son of Neriah , when he had written these words in a writing from the mouth of Jeremiah , in the fourth year of Jehoiakim , the son of Josiah , king of Judah , saying ,
And great fear came on all the church and on all those hearing these things .
And he shall break down the house ; its stones , and its wood , and all the clay of the house ; and he shall carry out to the outside of the city , to an unclean place .
And he lifted his face to the window , and said , Who is with me ? Who ? And two or three eunuchs looked down to him .
Reuben , Simeon , Levi , and Judah ,
And the bramble bush said to the trees , If you truly anoint me king over you , come seek refuge in my shade . And if not , let fire come out of the bramble bush and burn up the cedars of Lebanon .
And your male slave and your female slave whom you have shall be from the nations who are all around you , you shall buy them as male slave or female slave ;
And David knew that Jehovah had established him for king over Israel , and that He had lifted up his kingdom because of His people Israel .
Let my prayer be established before You as incense ; the lifting up of my palms as the evening sacrifice .

And he made its seven lamps and its snuffers and its pans of pure gold .
For it shall be in that day , says Jehovah of Hosts , I will break his yoke from your neck , and I will burst your bonds . And strangers will not again enslave him ;
And at Jerusalem is a pool at the Sheep Gate which is called in Hebrew , Bethesda , having five porches .
And they answered and said , Because it was certainly told to your servants what Jehovah your God commanded His servant Moses , to give you all the land , and to destroy all the inhabitants of the land before you ; and we were greatly afraid for ourselves , because of you . And we did this thing .
And Israel served Jehovah all the days of Joshua , and all the days of the elders whose days were prolonged after Joshua , and who knew all the work of Jehovah which he did to Israel .

and one goat , a sin offering ; besides the continual burnt offering , and its food offering , and its drink offering .
But enjoining this , I do not praise you , because you come together not for the better , but for the worse .
It is better to trust in Jehovah than to trust in man ;
And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the sons , and the heart of the sons to their fathers , that I not come and strike the earth with utter destruction . END OF THE OLD TESTAMENT

And what things you heard from me through many witnesses , commit these things to faithful men , such as will be competent also to teach others .
And on the eighth day she shall take to herself two turtledoves , or two young doves , and bring them to the priest , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
Jesus heard that they threw him outside , and finding him , He said to him , Do you believe into the Son of God ?
and will throw them into the furnace of fire ; there will be weeping and gnashing of the teeth .
And Saul said to him , Whose son are you , boy ? And David said , The son of your servant Jesse , the Bethlehemite .
Who knows the power of Your anger ? And as Your fear is , so is Your fury .
Show Me the tribute coin . And they brought a denarius to Him .
Though I say to the righteous , He shall surely live , yet he trusts in his own righteousness and commits iniquity , all his righteousness shall not be remembered ; but he shall die for his iniquity which he has done .
And all the wells which the slaves of his father dug in the days of his father Abraham , the Philistines had stopped them and filled them with dirt .
And I rejoice at the coming of Stephanas , and of Fortunatus and Achaicus , because these supplied your lack .
He reigned three years in Jerusalem . And the name of his mother was Michaiah the daughter of Uriel , from Gibeah . And there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam .
Then having a sword , Simon Peter drew it and struck the slave of the high priest and cut off his right ear . And the slave's name was Malchus .
Surely these are the tents of the perverse , and this the place that has not known God .

And he drove them from the tribunal .

And if they are ashamed of all that they have done , the form of the house , and its arrangement , and its exits , and its entrances , and all its forms , and all its statutes , and all its forms , and all its laws , make them known to them . And write them in their sight , so that they may observe all its form , and all its statutes , and do them .
O you who live by many waters , rich in treasures , your end has come , the measure of your unjust gain .
And he measured the gate of the room from roof to roof , twenty five cubits wide , door to door .
That place was called the Torrent of Eshcol , because of the cluster which the sons of Israel cut from there .
And he who smites an animal to death shall make it good , soul for soul .
Length of days is in her right hand ; riches and honor in her left hand .
And he said to them , What was the fashion of the man who came up to meet you and spoke these words to you ?
And in Shushan the palace the Jews killed and destroyed five hundred men .
For if a man finds his enemy , will he let him go on his way well ? And Jehovah will repay you good for that which you have done to me today .
I say to you , so there is joy before the angels of God over one sinner repenting .
thirty basins of gold , four hundred and ten silver basins of a second kind , a thousand other vessels .
But , brothers , I reveal to you the gospel which I preached to you , which you also received , in which you also stand ,
Surely , You will set their feet in slippery places ; You will make them fall into ruin .
So this iniquity shall be to you as a broken section falling , like the bulging out of a high wall , the breaking of which comes suddenly , in an instant .
After these things , Jesus revealed Himself again to the disciples at the Sea of Tiberias . And He revealed Himself this way :
And answering , Jesus said to them , Render the things of Caesar to Caesar , and the things of God to God . And they marveled at Him .
For as you have drunk on My holy mount , so all the nations shall continually drink . Yea , they shall drink and shall swallow ; and they will be as if they had not been .

The sons of Immer , a thousand and fifty two .
Come , let Us go down and confuse their language so that they cannot understand one another's speech .
This is the inheritance of the sons of Zebulun according to their families , these cities and their villages .
Husbands , love your wives , even as Christ also loved the church and gave Himself up on its behalf ,
and Jaresiah , and Eliah , and Zichri , the sons of Jeroham .
Son of man , wail over the host of Egypt , and bring it down , her and the daughters of the majestic nations , to the earth's lowest parts , with those going down to the Pit .
And he brought me into the outer court . And , behold , rooms , and a pavement made for the court all around . Thirty rooms were on the pavement .
And his servants rose up and made a conspiracy and killed Joash in the house of Millo , which goes down to Silla .
All the sinners of My people shall die by the sword , those who say , The evil shall not draw near or confront us .
And he brought the people down to the water . And Jehovah said to Gideon , Everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , you shall set him apart . And everyone who bows on his knees to drink , set apart .
The righteousness of the perfect shall make his way right , but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness .
But going through from Perga , they came to Antioch-Pisidia , and going into the synagogue on the day of the sabbaths , they sat down .

Everyone transgressing and not abiding in the doctrine of Christ does not have God . The one abiding in the doctrine of Christ , this one has the Father and the Son .
And the priest shall atone for him with the ram of the guilt offering before Jehovah for his sin which he has sinned ; and it shall be forgiven him because of his sin he has sinned .

And he shall take from the congregation of the sons of Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering , and one ram for a burnt offering .

And he said to him , Far be it ! You shall not die . Behold , my father shall not do anything great or small , and not reveal it to my ear . And why should my father hide this thing from me ? It is not so .
You shall offer them besides the continual burnt offering and its food offering and drink offerings ; they shall be perfect ones for you .
And he prepared his chariots . And he took his people with him .
And they took that which Micah had made , and the priest he had , and came against Laish , against a people quiet and secure . And they struck them with the mouth of the sword , and burned the city with fire .
And Laban gave his slave-girl Bilhah to his daughter Rachel , to her for a slave-girl .
Why do the wicked live ? They grow old , and become mighty in power .
For what is there for man in all his labor , and in longing of his heart , which he has labored under the sun ?
And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel , of the sons of Zerah the son of Judah , was at the king's hand in all matters concerning the people .
And now , behold the king whom you chose , whom you requested . And behold Jehovah gave a king over you .
the rulers held back with words , and they laid a hand on their mouth ;
And the young men , the spies , went in and brought out Rahab , and her father , and her mother , and her brothers , and all whom she had ; yea , they brought all her family , and set them outside the camp of Israel .
Behold , I have set before you today life and good and death and evil ,
And Moses finished speaking all these words to all Israel ,
Jehovah shall make the rain of your land be dust and ashes . It shall come down on you from the heavens until you are destroyed .
And he offered up on the altar that he made in Bethel , on the fifteenth day of the eighth month , in the month that he devised out of his own heart ; and he made a feast for the sons of Israel , and offered on the altar , to burn incense .
one golden pan of ten shekels full of incense ;
But there is nothing which has been completely concealed which will not be uncovered , nor hidden which will not be known .

And it happened , when Jabin the king of Hazor heard , he sent to Jobab the king of Madon , and to the king of Shimron , and to the king of Achshaph ,
For Jehovah has put a border between you and us , O sons of Reuben , and sons of Gad ; it is the Jordan . You have no portion in Jehovah ! And your sons will cause our sons to fail , not fearing Jehovah .


And have you an arm like God ; or can you thunder with a voice like His ?
And the sea was aroused by a great wind blowing .
And when the unclean spirits saw Him , they fell down before Him , and cried out , saying , You are the Son of God !
And she said to the men , I know that Jehovah has given the land to you , and that your terror has fallen on us , and that all the inhabitants of the land have melted before you .
And of your sons that shall issue from you , whom you shall father , they shall take away , and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon .
For a fire has gone out of Heshbon , a flame from the city of Sihon ; it has consumed Ar of Moab , the lords of the high places of Arnon .
Israel shall cry to Me , My God , we know You .
For he shall not be shaken forever ; the righteous shall be for a memorial forever .
does not rejoice in unrighteousness , but rejoices in the truth .
He who is greedy for gain troubles his own house , but he who hates bribes shall live .
I have rejoiced in the way of Your testimonies as over all riches .
And Joab left David , and sent messengers after Abner . And they brought him back from the well of Sirah . But David did not know it .


And Elihu continued , and said :
And that sown into the thorns is this : the one hearing the Word , and the anxiety of this age , and the deceit of riches , choke the Word , and it becomes unfruitful .
Every way of a man is upright in his own eyes , but Jehovah measures the hearts .

And every woman praying or prophesying with the head unveiled dishonors her head , for it is the same as being shaved .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah ; he did not turn aside from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , that he caused Israel to sin .
It is He who made the earth by His power , who established the world by His wisdom , and who stretched out the heavens by His understanding .
And the sons of Israel did evil again in the sight of Jehovah when Ehud was dead .
And Athaliah heard the sound of the runners of the people . And she came to the people , to the house of Jehovah .

And Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , and the ten men with him rose up and struck Gedaliah , the son of Ahikam , the son of Shaphan , with the sword . And they killed him whom the king of Babylon had appointed over the land .
And let the delight of the Lord our God be upon us ; and establish the works of our hands upon us ; yea , the work of our hands , establish it !
And the land of Egypt shall become for a desolation and a waste , and they shall know that I am Jehovah , because he has said , The river is mine , and I have made it .
Touch not My anointed ones , and do My prophets no evil .
they come to fight with the Chaldeans , and to fill them with the dead bodies of men whom I have struck in My anger and in My wrath , and for whom I have hidden My face from this city , because of all their evil .
Ought you not also to favor your fellow slave , as I also favored you ?
And he was king in Jeshurun , when the heads of the people assembled , the tribes of Israel .
Also his wrath burned against his three friends , because they had not found any answer , yet they had condemned Job .
When I would have healed Israel , then the iniquity of Ephraim was uncovered , and the evil of Samaria . For they have worked falsehood ; and a thief comes ; a troop of robbers plunders outside .
And the priests , the sons of Levi , shall come near ( for Jehovah your God has chosen them to minister to Him , and to bless in the name of Jehovah ) and by their mouth shall every controversy and every stroke be tried .
And they asked Baruch , saying , Tell us now , how did you write all these words ? From his mouth ?


How much more , then , does a man excel a sheep ! So that it is lawful to do well on the sabbaths .
because they did not listen to the voice of Jehovah their God , and transgressed His covenant , all that Moses the servant of Jehovah commanded ; yea , they did not listen nor obey .
Forsake the foolish , and live , and go in the way of understanding .
And Jehovah touched Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai , Abram's wife .
But those passing by , blasphemed Him , shaking their heads ,
The remnant shall return , the remnant of Jacob , to the mighty God .
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh , and went out from before Pharaoh .
And Adonijah sacrificed sheep and oxen and fatlings near the Stone of Serpents which is near En-rogel . And he called all his brothers , the sons of the king , and all the men of Judah , the servants of the king .
Whether it is good , or whether evil , we will obey the voice of Jehovah our God , to whom we send you ; so that it may be well with us when we obey the voice of Jehovah our God .
Who say , We shall be strong by our tongue ; our lips are our own ; who is lord over us ?
And Athaliah heard the sound of the people who were running and who were praising the king ; and she came to the people in the house of Jehovah ,
And when He was accused by the chief priests and the elders , He answered nothing .
Truly I say to you , In no way will this generation pass away until all these things shall occur .
the letter which you sent to us has been plainly read before me .
And Samuel said to Jesse , Are these all the young men ? And he said , There yet remains the youngest ; and behold , he is tending the flock . And Samuel said to Jesse , Send and bring him , for we will not sit until he comes here .
And , behold , a man named Jairus came , and this one was a synagogue ruler . And falling at the feet of Jesus , he begged Him to come into his house ,
He who sits in the heavens shall laugh ; Jehovah shall mock at them .
For there is no respect of persons with God .
And also , in the way in which a stupid one walks , his heart fails , and he says to all that he is a fool .
I know that whatever God does , it shall be forever ; nothing is to be added to it , and nothing is to diminish from it . And God does it so that they fear before Him .
and Jezreel , and Jokdeam , and Zanoah ,
And they shall keep your charge and the charge of all the tabernacle ; only , they shall not go near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar . And they shall not die either they or you .
And whoever of you desires to become first , he shall be slave of all .

And they cried out to Jehovah , and said , We beseech You , O Jehovah , we beseech You , do not let us perish for this man's life , and do not lay innocent blood on us . For You , O Jehovah , have done as You desired .
Rise up ; pull up and cross over the Arnon River ; behold , I have given Sihon the king of Heshbon , the Amorite , and his land into your hand . Begin to possess , and stir yourselves up against him in battle .
In the first year of his reign , in the first month , he opened the doors of the house of Jehovah and repaired them .
And the king and his men went to Jerusalem , to the Jebusites , the inhabitants of the land . And one spoke to David , saying , You shall not come in here except the blind and the lame will turn you away , saying , David cannot come in here .
Truly , truly , I say to you , a slave is not greater than his lord , nor a messenger greater than the one sending him .
And the Spirit said to Philip , Go near and join yourself to this chariot .
who is doing great things , and there is no searching them ; marvelous things to which is no numbering ,
and he who handles the bow shall not stand , and he swift footed shall not save , and the horse rider shall not save his life .
The one minding the day , he minds it to the Lord . And the one not minding the day , he does not mind it to the Lord . The one eating , he eats to the Lord ; for he gives thanks to God . And the one not eating , he does not eat to the Lord , and gives thanks to God .
Her ways are ways of pleasantness , and all her paths peace .
For a little while Your holy people possessed it . Our enemies have trampled Your sanctuary .
And it grieved me very much . And I threw all the household stuff of Tobiah out of the room .
And Aaron waved the breasts , and the right leg as a wave offering before Jehovah , as Moses commanded
So that whoever should eat this bread , or drink the cup of the Lord , unworthily , that one will be guilty of the body and of the blood of the Lord .
And they took soot of the furnace and stood before Pharaoh . And Moses sprinkled it toward the heavens , and it became an inflammation breaking out into boils on man and on livestock .
And Nebuzaradan chief of the executioners took them and made them go to the king of Babylon , to Riblah .
Of Zebulun , going forth to the army , that could set the battle in array with all kinds of weapons of war , fifty thousand ; and keeping rank without a double heart .
But My dove , My perfect one is one alone . She is the only one to her mother ; she is the choice of the one who bore her . The daughters saw her and called her blessed ; the queens and the concubines saw her , and they praised her .
Remember the sabbath day , to keep it holy ;
Seeing him lying , and knowing that he had already spent much time , Jesus said to him , Do you desire to become well ?
And the floggers reported these words to the magistrates . And hearing that they were Romans , they were afraid .
And Pilate adjudged their request to be done .
Because the time has come to begin the judgment from the house of God ; and if firstly from us , what will be the end of the ones disobeying the gospel of God ?
And , behold , there was a woman having a spirit of infirmity eighteen years , and was bent together and was not able to be completely erect .
All the rivers are going to the sea ; yet the sea is not full . To the place where the rivers are going , there they are returning to go again .
And answered and said :
And being lovers of money , the Pharisees also heard all these things ; and they derided Him .
And Jehovah spoke to Manasseh and to his people , and they did not listen .
For He made Him who knew no sin to be sin for us , that we might become the righteousness of God in Him .
And the hail struck in all the land of Egypt , all that was in the field , from men and to livestock . And the hail struck every plant of the field , and it broke in pieces every tree of the field .
And he made a casted sea of ten cubits from brim to brim ; it was round all about . And its height was five cubits ; and a line of thirty cubits went around it all about .
The food offering and the drink offering have been cut off from the house of Jehovah ; the priests , Jehovah's ministers , mourn .
But any devoted thing which a man devotes to Jehovah from all which belongs to him , of man or of animal , or of the field of his possession , it shall not be sold nor redeemed . Every devoted thing to Jehovah is most holy .
And these were of the father of Etam : Jezreel , and Ishma , and Idbash ; and their sister's name was Hazelelponi ;
The incense that you burned in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem , you , and your fathers , your kings , and your rulers , and the people of the land , did not Jehovah remember them ? Yea , it came into His heart .
But the spiritual one discerns all things , but he is discerned by no one .

If we have forgotten the name of our God , and have spread our hands to an alien god ,
And if it shall not make peace with you , and shall make war with you , then you shall lay siege against it .

And he sent messengers to Balaam the son of Beor , to Pethor which is beside the River of the land of the sons of his people , to call for him , saying , Behold ! A people has come out of Egypt . Behold ! it has covered the face of the earth , and it is setting next to me .
But according to His promise , we look for " new heavens and a new earth , " in which righteousness dwells .
Men shall buy fields for silver , and write in a document , and seal it , and call witnesses in the land of Benjamin , and in the places around Jerusalem , and in the cities of Judah , and in the cities of the mountains , and in the cities of the lowland , and in the cities of the Negeb . For I will cause their captivity to return , says Jehovah .
He is great in counsel and mighty in work . For Your eyes are open on all the ways of the sons of men , to give to each man according to his ways , and according to the fruit of his doings .
Then pay attention to the words of this covenant , and do them , that you may act wisely in all that you do .
And Jethro rejoiced regarding all the good which Jehovah had done to Israel whom He had delivered from the hand of Egypt .
Remove Your stroke from me ; I am consumed by the blow of Your hand .
And now I am asking one petition of you . Do not turn away your face . And she said to him , Speak .

So also the resurrection of the dead . It is sown in corruption , it is raised in incorruption .
You have not chosen Me , but I chose you out and planted you , that you should go and should bear fruit , and your fruit remain , that whatever you should ask the Father in My name , He may give you .
And He having worked in us for this same thing is God , who also is giving us the earnest of the Spirit .
And they pulled up from Dibon-gad and camped in Almondiblathaim .
And the battle increased on that day , and the king of Israel was made to stand in the chariot before Syria until the evening . And he died at the time of the going of the sun .
Your wickedness is for a man like yourself ; and your righteousness may profit a son of man .
And if a person sins , and he has done that which is not to be done from any one of all the commands of Jehovah , and does not know , and he is guilty , and bears his iniquity ,
And that which was prepared for me daily was one ox , six fat sheep . Also birds were prepared for me ; and between ten days , in all of the wine plentifully . And with this I did not seek the bread of the governor , for the bondage was heavy on this people .
And Isaac sowed in that land . And a hundredfold was found in that year , and Jehovah blessed him .
And she gave to the king a hundred and twenty talents of gold , and very many spices , and precious stones ; no spice like that came any more for abundance , that the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon .
Out of his mouth go burning torches ; sparks of fire fly out .

And Azubah died ; and Caleb took to himself Ephrath , and she bore to him Hur .
And they departed by boat into a deserted place apart .
You know that being led away , you nations were led to dumb idols .
Now as to brotherly love , you have no need for me to write to you , for you yourselves are taught by God to love one another .
But in those days , after that affliction , the sun will be darkened , and the moon will not give her light ;
Eliel , and Obed , and Jasiel the Mesobaite .
But if anyone is hungry , let him eat at home , that you may not come together for judgment . And the other things I will set in order whenever I come .
And I will kindle a fire in the wall of Damascus ; and it shall burn up the palaces of Ben-hadad .
Then the slave woman , the doorkeeper , said to Peter , Are you not also of the disciples of this man ? That one said , I am not .
And they made the ark of God to ride on a new cart from the house of Abinadab . And Uzza and Ahio were leading the cart .
You are able to know that not more than twelve days are to me since I went worshiping in Jerusalem ;
These are the families of Naphtali by their families , and their numbered ones were forty five thousand , four hundred .
But we know that God does not hear sinful ones , but if anyone is God fearing , and does His will , He hears that one .
And it happened on the third day after I gave birth , this woman also gave birth . And we were together ; no stranger was with us in the house , only we two in the house .

And they took Lot , the son of Abram's brother , and his goods , and left ; and he was living in Sodom .
And now , O Jehovah , You are God Himself , and You speak this goodness concerning Your servant ;

And it was told to David , and he gathered all Israel and crossed the Jordan , and came to them and set in order against them ; yea , David set the battle in order to meet Syria , and they fought with him ;
All things were yielded up to Me by My Father ; and no one knows the Son except the Father ; nor does anyone know the Father , except the Son , and the one to whom the Son wills to reveal Him .
But certain from the strolling Jews , exorcists , undertook to name the name of the Lord Jesus over those having evil spirits , saying , We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preaches .
And Jonathan stripped off the robe on him and gave it to David ; also his apparel , even to his sword and to his bow and to his belt .
And on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the place from a distance .
Because of this my loins are filled with pain ; pangs have taken hold on me like the pangs of a travailing woman . I am bowed from hearing ; I am troubled from seeing .
therefore so says Jehovah , Behold , I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite and his seed . There shall not be to him a man living among this people ; nor shall he behold the good which I shall do for My people , says Jehovah , because he has uttered rebellion against Jehovah .
And he said to him , If they will not hear Moses and the Prophets , they will not be persuaded even if one from the dead should rise .
And it happened , on the eighth day , Moses called for Aaron and for his sons , and for the elders of Israel .
Consider the lilies , how they grow : they do not labor , nor do they spin , but I say to you , not even Solomon in all his glory was clothed as one of these .
And Joab fell on his face to the earth , and bowed , and blessed the king . And Joab said , Today your servant has known that I have found grace in your eyes , my lord , O king , in that the king has done the word of his servant .
Do not fear , for I am with you ; do not gaze about , for I am your God ; I will make you strong ; yea , I will help you ; yes , I will uphold you with the right hand of My righteousness .
whom also capturing him , he put him into prison , delivering him to four sets of four soldiers to guard him , intending to bring him up to the people after the Passover .

And at morning , Today a storm , for the sky is red , being overcast . Hypocrites ! You indeed know how to discern the face of the heaven , but you cannot the signs of the times .
And the two disciples heard him speaking , and they followed Jesus .

Jesus answered them and said , My doctrine is not Mine , but of the One who sent Me .
God having foreseen something better concerning us , that they should not be perfected apart from us .


Yea , God will crush the head of His enemies , the hairy crown of him who walks on in his guilt .
And taking them in that hour of the night , he washed from their stripes . And he and all those belonging to him were baptized at once .
In all their affliction , He was not a foe ; and the Angel of his Face saved them . In His love and in His pity He redeemed them . And He bore them , and carried them all the days of old .

My love be with all of you in Christ Jesus . Amen .
For Jehovah your God is a consuming fire ; He is a jealous God .
And Jehovah said to Moses and Aaron , Because you did not believe in Me , to sanctify Me before the eyes of the sons of Israel , therefore you shall not bring in this congregation to the land which I have given to them .
And their flesh shall be yours , as the breast of the wave offering , and as the right leg ; it shall be yours .
Behold , your people are women in your midst ; the gates of your land shall surely be opened to your enemies ; the fire shall devour your bars .
And king Solomon gave to the queen of Sheba all her desire that she asked , apart from that which he gave to her as a memorial of king Solomon . And she turned and went to her land , she and her servants .
O God , turn us again , and make Your face shine , and we will be saved !
And I fell to the ground , and heard a voice saying to me , Saul , Saul , why do you persecute Me ?
And Aaron said to Moses , Behold , today they have brought their sin offering and their burnt offering before Jehovah ; and such things have happened to me . And if I had eaten the sin offering today , would it have been accepted in the sight of Jehovah ?
For I hungered , and you gave Me food to eat ; I thirsted , and you gave Me drink ; I was a stranger , and you took Me in ;
Binding his foal to the vine , and his ass's colt to the choice vine , he washes his clothing in wine , and his covering in the bloods of grapes .
And he led me out by way of the north gate , and led me around the way outside to the outer gate , by the way facing east . And , behold , water was trickling out of the right side .
Therefore , whoever relaxes one of these commandments , the least , and shall teach men so , he shall be called least in the kingdom of Heaven . But whoever does and teaches them , this one shall be called great in the kingdom of Heaven .


And Absalom said to Hushai , Is this your kindness with your friend ? Why have you not gone with your friend ?
For the rest , let no one give troubles to me , for I bear in my body the brands of the Lord Jesus .
yes , you shall be as one who lies down in the middle of the sea , or as he who lies on the top of a mast ,
And he blinded the eyes of Zedekiah . And the king of Babylon bound him in bronze fetters and carried him to Babylon . And he put him in prison until the day of his death .
And king David said to Ornan , No , for I will surely buy it for full silver , for I will not lift up what is yours to Jehovah , so as to offer a burnt offering without cost .
And they will howl the songs of the temple in that day , declares the Lord Jehovah . The dead bodies shall be many ; in every place one shall throw them out , saying , Hush !
And the Lord said , Then to what shall I compare the men of this generation ? And to what are they like ?
Then receive him in the Lord with all joy and hold such in honor ,
And the king said , This one says , This is my son , the living one , and your son the dead . And that one says , No , but your son is the dead , and my son the living .
And Shem and Japheth took a garment and put it on both their shoulders . And they went backward and covered the nakedness of their father , their faces backward . And they did not see the nakedness of their father .
For you know what injunctions we gave you through the Lord Jesus .

He shall reward evil to my enemies ; cut them off in Your truth .
And he shall do with the bullock as he has done to the bullock of the sin offering , so he shall do to it . And the priest shall atone for them ; and it shall be forgiven them .
And David consulted the chiefs of the thousands and of the hundreds , to every leader .
Because of this , even as the Holy Spirit says , " Today , if you hear His voice ,
And you shall do to Ai and to its king as you have done to Jericho and its king . Only , its spoil and its cattle you shall take for yourselves . Set yourself an ambush for the city behind it .

And Laban called it , Heap of the Testimony . And Jacob called it in Hebrew , Heap of Testimony .
For He draws up the drops of water ; they distill rain into mist .
And he gave them into the hands of the Gibeonites . And they exposed them in the mountain before Jehovah . And the seven fell together . And they were executed in the days of harvest , in the first days , in the beginning of barley harvest .

By the multitude of your trade , they filled your midst with violence , and you sinned . So I cast you defiled from the height of God , and I destroyed you , O covering cherub , from among the stones of fire .
You shall not bring the hire of a prostitute , or the price of a dog , into the house of Jehovah your God for any vow ; for even both of these are an abomination to Jehovah your God .
And Solomon went after Ashtoreth , goddess of the Sidonians , and after Milcom , the abomination of the Ammonites ;
And after six days Jesus takes along Peter and James and John , and leads them into a high mount apart , alone . And He was transfigured before them .
And after the time that Amaziah had turned aside from following Jehovah , they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem ; and he fled to Lachish , but they sent after him to Lachish and killed him there .
And they held the word to themselves , debating what it is to rise from the dead .
And the chiefs of the sons of Ammon said to Hanun , Is David honoring your father , in your eyes , because he has sent comforters to you ? Have not his servants come in to you in order to search out and to overthrow , and to spy out the land ?
But in the first year of Cyrus the king of Babylon , king Cyrus placed an order to build this house of God .
For the Father loves the Son and shows to Him all things which He does . And He will show Him greater works than these in order that you may marvel .
So that , my brothers , you also were made dead to the law through the body of Christ , for you to become Another's , to One raised from the dead , so that we may bear fruit to God .
And the father-in-law of Moses said to him , The thing which you do is not good .
And he said to the people , Be ready for the third day . Do not approach a woman .
And in the days , He was teaching in the temple . And going out in the nights , He lodged in the Mount of Olives .
and did not stagger by unbelief at the promise of God , but was empowered by faith , giving glory to God ,
To Him who rides on the heavens of heavens of old ; lo , He sends out His voice , a mighty voice .
And the daughter of Tyre will stroke Your face with a gift , the rich among the peoples .
And you shall take the Levites for Me , I am Jehovah , instead of every first-born among the sons of Israel ; and the cattle of the Levites instead of every firstling among the livestock of the sons of Israel .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as hidden treasures ,
and he made cities for himself , and had stocks of flocks and very many herds , for God had given him very much property .
But an argument came in among them , who might be the greater of them .
And they came there to the hill . And behold ! A band of prophets were there to meet him . And the Spirit of God pushed on him , and he prophesied in their midst .
As Jehovah has been with my lord the king , so shall He be with Solomon , and shall make his throne greater than the throne of my lord king David .
and twelve lions were standing on the six steps , on this side and on that ; there was not the like made in any kingdom .
And Lot went up out of Zoar and lived in the mount . And his two daughters were with him . For he feared to live in Zoar . And he lived in a cave , he and his two daughters .
I create the fruit of the lips : peace , peace , to the ones far off and near , says Jehovah , and I will heal him .

Three times in the year every one of your males shall appear before the Lord Jehovah .
Then Jehovah will be seen over them , and His arrow shall go out as lightning ; and the Lord Jehovah shall blow the ram's horn and shall go forth with the windstorms of the south .
And they said , Is this not Jesus the son of Joseph , of whom we know the father and the mother ? How does this one now say , I have come down out of Heaven ?
Do not receive an accusation against an elder unless on " the testimony of " " two or three witnesses . "
And as many as may not receive you , going out from that city even shake off the dust from your feet , for a testimony against them .
For all the peoples walk , each one in the name of his god ; but we will walk in the name of Jehovah our God forever and ever .
and he said to him , Every man first sets on the good wine , and when they have drunk freely , then the worse . You have kept the good wine until now .
And the field shall be holy to Jehovah when it goes out in the jubilee , as a field which is devoted . It shall be a possession to the priest .
In whatever place you hear the sound of the ram's horn , gather there to us . Our God will fight for us .
And now , O Jehovah , the word that You have spoken as to Your servant , and as to his house , let it be established forever , and do as You have spoken ;
the Holy Spirit signifying by this that the way of the Holies has not yet been made manifest , the first tabernacle still having standing ;
I have sinned ; what do I do to You , O Watcher of man ? Why have You set me as a target for You , so that I am a burden on myself ?
Then they led Jesus from Caiaphas into the praetorium , and it was early . And they did not enter into the praetorium that they might not be defiled , but that they might eat the Passover .
And he said , Behold ! Now , I am old ; I do not know the day of my death .
And you shall remember that you were a slave in the land of Egypt . On account of this I am commanding you to do this thing .
And you shall say to him , Jehovah the God of the Hebrews has sent me to you , saying , Send away My people , so that they may serve Me in the wilderness . And , behold , you have not listened until now .
And when they came to the threshing-floor of Chidon , then Uzza put out his hand to hold the ark , for the oxen stumbled .
Remember that you magnify His work , of which men have sung ;

but having tied on sandals , and not putting on two tunics .
He answered and said , A man called Jesus made clay and anointed my eyes , and told me , Go to the pool of Siloam and wash . And going and washing I received sight .
And , behold , a woman who was a sinner in the city , knowing that He reclined in the Pharisee's house , taking an alabaster vial of ointment ,
And she said , Samson , the Philistines are upon you ! And He awakened from his sleep , and said , I will go out and shake myself free as time after time . But he did not know that Jehovah had departed from him .
And they struck the men at the door of the house with blindness , from the small to the great ; and they struggled to find the door .
And Gideon came to the Jordan , he crossing over , and three hundred who were with him , being weary , yet pursuing .
Greet Philologus and Julias , Nereus and his sister , and Olympas , and all the saints with them .
saying , When will the new moon have passed , so that we may buy grain ? Or the sabbath , so that we may open the wheat , making smaller the ephah , and to enlarge the shekel , and to falsify the deceitful balances ,
You shall not be afraid of them ; you shall surely remember that which Jehovah your God has done to Pharaoh , and to all Egypt ,
But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly that now at last you revived your thinking of me ( although you indeed did think , but lacked opportunity ) .
And Hoshea the son of Elah conspired a conspiracy against Pekah the son of Remaliah , and struck him , and killed him , and reigned in his place , in the twentieth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah .
For they eat the bread of wickedness , and drink the wine of violence .
And he sent his brothers away ; and they went . And he said to them , Do not quarrel along the way .
who sit among the graves and lodge in the towers ; who eat swine's flesh , and broth of unclean things in their pots ;
For , indeed , we have had the gospel preached to us , even as they also ; but the word did not profit those hearing it , not having been mixed with faith in the ones who heard .
And it happened when the commanders of the chariots saw that he was not the king of Israel , they turned back from following him .
And Jehovah answered out of the tempest and said :
On the morrow , sees Jesus coming toward him and said , Behold ! The Lamb of God , taking away the sin of the world !
it was said to her , " The greater shall serve the lesser ; "
And Abner said again to Asahel , Turn aside from following me . Why should I strike you to the earth ? And how shall I lift up my face to your brother Joab ?
And saying this , He breathed on them and said to them , Receive the Holy Spirit .

If the whip kills suddenly , He will mock at the testing of the innocent .

And Isaac brought her into the tent of his mother Sarah . And he took Rebekah , and she became his wife ; and he loved her . And Isaac was comforted after his mother .
And he said to them , Follow me , for Jehovah has delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand . And they went down after him and took the fords of the Jordan against the Moabites . And they did not allow a man to pass over .
And Gilead captured the fords of the Jordan before Ephraim . And it happened when the fugitives from Ephraim said , Let me pass over , then the men of Gilead said to him , You are an Ephraimite . And he said , No .
And now you are cursed more than the ground which opened its mouth to receive your brother's blood from your hand .
And the people rested on the seventh day .
And the Philistines had raided against the cities of the low country , and of the south of Judah , and captured Beth-shemesh and Aijalon , and Gederoth , and Shocho and its daughter villages , and Timnah and its daughter villages , and Gimzo and its daughter villages , and dwelt there .
and a knob under two branches of it ; and a knob under two branches of it ; and a knob under two branches of it , to the six branches , those going from the lampstand .
And as some were speaking about the temple , that it had been adorned with beautiful stones and gifts , He said ,
But these things became examples for us , so that we may not be lusters after evil , even as those indeed lusted .
And it happened , as they were perplexed about this , even behold , two men in shining clothing stood by them .

And the standard of the camp of the sons of Ephraim pulled up , by their armies . And over its army was Elishama the son of Ammihud .
Ephraim is like a bird ; their glory shall fly away , from birth , and from the womb , and from conception .
And having called His twelve disciples , He gave them authority over unclean spirits , so as to throw them out , and to heal every disease and every weakness of body .
They were near Jebus , and the day was spent . And the young man said to his master , Please come and we shall turn to this city of the Jebusites , and stay in it .
The sons of Moses were Gershom and Eliezer .
Let such a one think this , that such as we are in word through letters , being absent , such we are also being present in deed .
And Jephthah judged Israel six years . And Jephthah the Gileadite died , and was buried in the cities of Gilead .
The sons of Harim were three hundred and twenty .
I am a brother to jackals , and a companion to daughters of the ostrich .
and I will make My covenant between Me and you , and will multiply you exceedingly .
You judge among yourselves : is it fitting for a woman to pray to God unveiled ?
Before I had finished speaking within my heart , even behold , Rebekah was coming out , her pitcher on her shoulder . And she went down to the well and drew . And I said to her , Please let me drink .
And Jonathan gave his weapons to the boy with him , and said to him , Go , bring to the city .
As we have heard , so we have seen in the city of Jehovah of hosts , in the city of our God . God establishes it forever . Selah .
You have not left your brothers these many days until today , and have kept the observance of the command of Jehovah your God .
May the Lord give to him to find mercy from the Lord in that Day . And what things he served in Ephesus , you know very well .
nor because they are Abraham's seed are all children , but " In Isaac a Seed shall be called to you . "
And he put the poles into the rings , on the sides of the ark , to carry the ark .
And shall I take my bread , and my water , and my meat which I have killed for my shearers , and give to men whom I have not known , from where they are ?
Do you not know that to whom you present yourselves as slaves for obedience , you are slaves to whom you obey , whether of sin to death , or obedience to righteousness ?
But I say to you , Do not swear at all , neither by Heaven , because it is God's throne ;
And Moses said to him , As I go out of the city I will spread out my palms to Jehovah . The thunder will cease , and the hail will not still be , so that you may know that the earth is Jehovah's .
Those dwelling in the desert will bow before Him , and His enemies will lick the dust .
without discernment , perfidious , without natural affection , unforgiving , unmerciful ,
And they pulled up from Ezion-geber and camped in the wilderness of Zin ; it is Kadesh .
And a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies was given to it . And authority to act forty two months was given to it .
So you shall say to them , The gods who have not made the heavens and the earth , they shall perish from the earth and from under these heavens .
And you shall be very watchful for yourselves to love Jehovah your God .
In the first month , on the fourteenth of the month , between the evenings is the Passover to Jehovah .
For the one speaking a greeting shares in his evil works .

Some also were saying , We have mortgaged our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses ; let us take up grain because of the famine .
And prayed to Jehovah his God out of the belly of the fish .
When I shall send the arrows of evil famine among them , which shall be for ruin , for which I will send them to destroy you , even I will increase the famine on you and break the staff of bread to you .
And may God give you of the dew of the heavens , and of the fatness of the earth , and much grain and wine .
who drink bowls of wine , and they anoint with the best of oils ; but they are not grieved for the breaking of Joseph !
And he blessed Joseph and said , The God before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked , the God who has fed me since I was born until today ;
Waters flowed over on my head ; I said , I am cut off .
Behold , this only I have found , that God has made man upright , but they have sought out many inventions .


Then , since it was Preparation , that the bodies not remain on the cross on the sabbath , for great was the day of that sabbath , the Jews asked Pilate that their legs might be broken and they be taken away .
For Your mercy is great to the heavens , and Your truth to the clouds .
So says Jehovah : As the new wine is found in the cluster , and one says , Do not destroy it , for a blessing is in it ; so I will do for the sake of My servants , not to destroy the whole .
And God saw the light , that it was good , and God separated between the light and darkness .


O sword , awake against My Shepherd , and against the Man who is My companion , says Jehovah of hosts . Strike the Shepherd and the sheep will be scattered . And I will turn My hand against the little ones .
Also came Hashabiah , and with him Jeshaiah from the sons of Merari , his brothers and their sons , twenty .


Please let us pass over , through your land ; we shall not pass over through a field , nor through a vineyard , nor shall we drink water of a well ; we shall go along the king's highway . We will not turn aside to the right hand or to the left , until we have passed your border .
As a partridge broods and does not hatch , so is he who makes riches , and not by right ; it will leave him in the middle of his days , and in his end he will be a fool .
And it happened , when Ahab heard that Naboth was dead , Ahab rose to go down to the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite , to take possession of it .
On account of this my heart shall mourn for Moab , like flutes ; and my heart shall sound like flutes for the men of Kirheres , because the riches that he has gotten have perished .
proving what is pleasing to the Lord .
These were the sons of Ezer : Bilhan , and Zaavan , and Akan .
On this I awoke and looked up , and my sleep was sweet to me .

The sons of Israel shall encamp by their fathers' house , every man with his own standard , according to the standards . They shall encamp around the tabernacle of the congregation , afar off .
And you shall eat it in every place , you and your households , for it is your reward in return for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation .
And I brought you into the land of the Amorite who lived beyond the Jordan . And they fought with you , and I gave them into your hand , and you possessed their land . And I destroyed them before you .
And no one puts new wine into old skins , else the new wine will burst the skins , and the wine pours out , and the skins will be destroyed . But new wine is put into fresh skins .
I have known you in the wilderness , in the land of great dryness .
If one rejects a matter before he hears , it is folly and shame to him .
And Baasha lay with his fathers , and was buried in Tirzah . And his son Elah reigned in his place .
and the table and its vessels , and the pure lampstand and all its vessels , and the altar of incense ;
And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the face of Jehovah , at the front of the veil of the holy place .
And David pursued , he and four hundred men ; for two hundred men stood , who were too exhausted to pass over the torrent Besor .
Because of this , beloved , looking for these things , be diligent , spotless , and without blemish , to be found in peace by Him .
If I wait for Sheol as my house , I have spread out my bed in the darkness ;
Then the King will say to those on His right , Come , the blessed of My Father . Inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world .
Better is a dry piece of bread , and quietness with it , than a house full of sacrifices with fighting .
then they came to Gedaliah , to Mizpah , even Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , and Johanan and Jonathan , the sons of Kareah , and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth , and the sons of Ephai of Netopha , and Jezaniah the son of the Maachathite , they and their men .

And Mariam said , My soul magnifies the Lord ,
And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem , in the house of Jehovah , at the front of the new court ,
Hear my prayer , O God ; listen to the words of my mouth .
Let them draw near and tell us what shall happen ; the former things , let them reveal what they are , that we may set our heart and know their end ; or declare to us the coming things .
And the sound of a crowd at ease was with her , and drunkards from the wilderness were brought with the men of the host of mankind . And they put bracelets on their hands and crowns of beauty on their heads .
And he changed his behavior before their eyes , and pretended himself to be insane in their hand , and scribbled on the doors of the gate , and let his spittle fall onto his beard .
Teach me to do Your will ; for You are my God ; Your Spirit is good ; lead me into the land of justice .
hide them in the dust together ; bind their faces in darkness .
And it happened on the seventh day , some of the people went out to gather , and did not find any .
Strength abides in his neck and terror dances before him .
For so says Jehovah : Behold , he shall fly like an eagle , and shall spread his wings toward Moab .
In that day the Branch of Jehovah will be beautiful and glorious , and the fruit of the earth for pride and for glory for the survivors of Israel .
When the evildoers , my enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat my flesh , they stumbled and fell .
and Ahitub fathered Zadok ; and Zadok fathered Shallum ;
the ark , and its poles , the mercyseat and the veil of the covering ,
And again He said , To what shall I compare the kingdom of God ?

always bearing about the dying of the Lord Jesus in the body , that also the life of Jesus may be revealed in our body .

O peoples , suffer evil , and be broken ! And listen , all from the far places of the earth ; gird yourselves , and be broken . Gird yourselves and be broken !
And He led them out with silver and gold ; and among their tribes , not one was stumbling .

And nation by nation was making gods of their own , and putting them in the houses of the high places which the Samaritans had made , nation by nation in their cities where they lived .
And her master rose up in the morning , and opened the door of the house , and went out to go his way . And behold , the woman , his concubine , had fallen at the door of the house , and her hands were on the threshold .
Then when He was raised from the dead , His disciples recalled that He said this to them . And they believed the Scripture , and the word which Jesus spoke .
Be exalted above the heavens , O God ; Your glory over the whole earth .
You may lend to a stranger at interest , but you shall not lend at interest to your brother , so that Jehovah your God may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go to possess it .

So Jehovah of Hosts says this : Behold , I will punish them . The young men shall die by the sword ; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine .
For if we have been joined together in the likeness of His death , so also shall we be in the resurrection ,
If I shut up the heavens and there is no rain and if I command the locusts to consume the land , and if I send pestilence among My people ,
And David and his men came into the city . And , behold ! It was burned with fire ! And their wives and their sons and their daughters had been taken captive .
And sailing away from there , on the next day we arrived off Chios , and on the next we crossed to Samos . And remaining at Trogyllium , the next day we came to Miletus .
as it has been written , " Behold , I place in " " Zion a Stone-of-stumbling , " " and a Rock-of-offense , " " and everyone believing on Him will not be put to shame . " and
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ? Shall tribulation , or distress , or persecution , or famine , or nakedness , or danger , or sword ?
And he carved cherubs , and palm trees , and spread out flowers , and overlaid them with gold fitted on the carved work .
Understand wisdom , simple ones ; and fools , be of an understanding heart .
For in his life he blessed his soul ; yea , men praise you when you do well for yourself .
The simple believes every word , but the wise considers his step .
And he left there before the ark of the covenant of Jehovah , for Asaph and for his brothers , to minister before the ark continually to the matter of a day in its day ;
They have cut off my life in the pit , and they threw a stone at me .
Because you have thrust with side and with shoulder , and have pushed all the weak with your horns until you have scattered them to the outside .
He has taken a bag of silver in his hand ; at the day of the full moon he will enter his house .
And there was the sound of the wings of the living creatures touching each one to the other , and the sound of the wheels along with them , and the sound of a great tumult .
Open the gates of righteousness to me , I will enter into them ; I will thank Jehovah .
If Edom says , We are beaten down , but we will return and build the ruined places ; so says Jehovah of hosts : They shall build , but I will tear down . And they shall call them the region of wickedness , and the people with whom Jehovah is indignant until forever .
And Jehovah roars from Zion , and He gives His voice from Jerusalem . And the heavens and the earth quake . But Jehovah is a refuge for His people and a fortress to the sons of Israel .
If I am wrong , woe to me ! And if I am righteous , I will not lift up my head , being filled with shame and seeing my pain .
Arise , O Jehovah ! O God , lift up your hand ; do not forget the lowly ones .
And you saw that Nahash the king of the sons of Ammon came against you , and you said to me , No , for a king shall reign over us even though Jehovah your God was king over you .
It is enough for the disciple to become as his teacher , and the slave as his lord . If they called the master of the house Beelzebub , how much more those of his household ?
Behold , I am against you , O dweller of the valley , rock of the plain , says Jehovah , those who say , Who can come down against us ? Or , Who can enter our dwellings ?
they dwell in the chasms of the torrents , in the holes of the earth , and in rocks .
From there they pulled up to Gudgodah ; and from Gudgodah to Jotbath , a land of water brooks .
For , behold , He who forms mountains and creates the wind and declares to man what His thought is , He who makes the dawn darkness , and treads on the high places of the earth , Jehovah , the God of Hosts , is His name .
She also rises while it is still night , and gives game to her household , and an order to her maidens .
Who among all the gods of these lands has delivered their land out of my hand , that Jehovah should keep Jerusalem out of ny hand ?
And by the border of Manasseh , from the east side to the west side Ephraim , one part .
This is that which pertains to the Levites : from twenty five years old and upward he shall go in to do the service and the works of the tabernacle of the congregation .
Yet let not a man strive with nor reprove a man . For your people are as a priest striven with .
But whoever denies Me before men , I also will deny him before My Father in Heaven .
And he said to him , My lord knows that the children are tender , and the flocks and the herds with me are suckling . And if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
But also suffering before and being insulted in Philippi , as you know , we were bold in our God to speak the gospel of God to you in much agony .
And to the angel of the church in Thyatira , write : These things says the Son of God , the One having His eyes as a flame of fire , and His feet like burnished brass :
of Zerah , the family of the Zarahites ; of Shaul , the family of the Shaulites .
Redeem me from the oppression of man ; and I will keep Your precepts .
And it happened in the morning , his spirit was troubled . And he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt , and all its wise men . And Pharaoh told them his dream , and there was no interpreter of them to Pharaoh .
Then these men said , We shall not find any occasion against this unless we find it against him concerning the law of his God .
And Jehoiakim lay with his fathers . And his son Jehoiachin reigned in his place .
They have also healed the break of My people slightly , saying , Peace , peace , when there is no peace .

And he said to her , Please give me a little water to drink , for I am thirsty . And she opened a skin of milk , and gave him drink , and covered him .
And they came , Jeroboam and all the people , to Rehoboam on the third day , as the king had spoken , saying , Come back to me on the third day .
Howl , dwellers of Maktesh , for all the people of Canaan have perished ; all those carrying silver are cut off .
The instant I speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to pluck up , or to break down , or to destroy ;

When the rulers of Judah heard these things , then they came up from the king's house to the house of Jehovah and sat down in the entrance of the New Gate of Jehovah .
And Jehovah answered and said :
and say , So says the king , Put this one in the house of restraint , and cause him to eat the bread of oppression , and the water of oppression , until I come in peace .
A sword is on the Chaldeans , states Jehovah , and on the dwellers of Babylon , and on her rulers , and on her wise men .
And now come , let us cut a covenant , you and me ; and let it be a witness between you and me .
And it happened after the death of Joshua , the sons of Israel inquired of Jehovah , saying , Who shall first go up for us against the Canaanites , to fight against them ?

Before your pots can feel the thorns , whether green or glowing , He shall sweep it away .
who is bringing you up out of the land of Egypt , to become your God ; I am Jehovah .
But Paul and Barnabas , the apostles , hearing , tearing their garments , they sprang into the crowd , crying out ,
But He said , No ; rather , blessed are those hearing the Word of God , and keeping it .
Everyone proud in heart is disgusting to Jehovah ; though hand join in hand he shall not be innocent .
And three of the thirty commanders went down and came to the harvest , to David , to the cave of Adullam . And the company of the Philistines was camping in the Valley of the Giants .

And the glory of Jehovah shall be revealed , and all flesh shall see it together , for the mouth of Jehovah has spoken .
And if after these things you will not listen to Me , then I will chastise you seven times more for your sin ;
and repaying to his face those that hate Him , to destroy him ; He will not delay , He will repay him who hates Him to His face .
Only , Jehovah has delighted in your fathers , to love them ; and He chose their seed after them , on you out of all the peoples , as today .
With the face of the wise is wisdom , but a fool's eyes are in the ends of the earth .
And she cried out with a loud voice and said , Blessed are you among women and blessed is the fruit of your womb !
And Balaam rose up and left , and returned to his place ; and Balak also went on his way .
And as they were telling these things , Jesus Himself stood in their midst , and said to them , Peace to you !
And I said to them , According to our ability we have redeemed our brothers , the Jews who were sold to the nations . And will you yet sell your brothers ? Or shall they be sold to us ? Then they were silent , and did not find a word .
And I will make My holy name known in the midst of My people Israel . And I will not let My holy name be profaned any more . And the nations shall know that I am Jehovah , the Holy One of Israel .
But we should not weaken in doing good , for in due time we shall reap , if we do not faint .
And rising up , they threw Him outside the city , and led Him up to the brow of the hill on which their city was built , in order to throw Him down .
My glory was fresh with me , and my bow was renewed in my hand .
Lead me in Your righteousness , because of my enemies ; make straight Your way before me .
I know that there is no good in them , but for a man to rejoice to do good in his life .
And Jehovah listened to Hezekiah , and healed the people .
And they answered , they did not know from where .
And you shall grant a redemption for the land in all the land of your possession .
And he took the people and divided them into three companies , and lay in wait in a field and watched . And , behold , the people were coming out from the city . And he rose up against them and struck them .
And I will execute on them great vengeance with rebukes of fury . And when I put My vengeance on them , they will know that I am Jehovah .
Look among the nations and see , and be amazed . Be amazed ! For a work is working in your days which you will not believe , though it be told to you .
And they broke down before him the altars of the Baals , and the images that were on high above them he cut down , and the shrines , and the graven images , and the molten images he broke down and beat small , and scattered on the surface of the grave of those who sacrificed to them .
And he said , I have sinned . Honor me now , I beg you , before the elders of my people , and before Israel , and return with me . And I shall worship Jehovah your God .
and she put the skins of the kids of the goats on his hands , and on the smoothness of his neck .
And into whatever house you enter , remain there , and go out from there .
Because of this , God gave them up to impurity in the lusts of their hearts , their bodies to be dishonored among themselves ,
But now Timothy coming to us from you , and announcing good news to us of your love and faith , and that you have good remembrance of us always , longing to see us , even as also we long to see you .
So the Lord Jehovah of Hosts says this : Oh My people who dwell in Zion , do not fear Assyria . He shall strike you with the rod , and he shall lift up his staff against you in the way of Egypt .
And Abner said to Joab , Let the young men rise up now and play before us . And Joab said , Let them rise .

And it happened when Ahijah heard the sound of her feet as she came in the door , he said , Come in , wife of Jeroboam . Why are you acting as a foreigner ? And I am sent to you with a hard thing .
And they shall know that I am Jehovah , when I have made the land desolate and a waste because of all their abominations which they have done .
But if anyone loves God , he has been known by Him .
And it happened on that day Isaac's slaves came and told him about the well which they had dug , and said to him , We found water .
And he said to Judah , Let us build these cities , and walls around them , and towers , two leaved gates , and bars , while the land is before us , because we have sought Jehovah our God . We have sought , and He has given rest to us all around . And they built and prospered .
And he made for it two rings of gold , from beneath its wreath , on its two corners , on its two sides , for housings for poles , to lift it .

And on the face of the entrance gate , to the face of the porch of the inner gate , was fifty cubits ;

And looking up , they saw that the stone had been rolled back ; for it was very large .

As for you , O king , your thoughts came on your bed , what should happen after this . And He who reveals secrets makes known to you what shall occur .
I persecuted this Way as far as death , binding and delivering up both men and women to prisons ,
And all those numbered of the sons of Israel by their fathers' house , from a son of twenty years and upward , all able to go out to war in Israel ;
Your boast is not good . Do you not know that a little leaven leavens all the lump ?
And stay with him some days until your brother's fury turns away ,
Look on my affliction and my pain , and lift up all my sins .
to keep you from the evil woman , from the flattery of the tongue of the strange woman .

And the sons of Benjamin saw that they were stricken . And the men of Israel had given place to Benjamin , for they trusted to the ambush which they had set against Gibeah .
And he put the lampstand in the tabernacle of the congregation , opposite the table , on the side of the tabernacle southward .
And the fourth row : a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper ; these set in their settings , plaited work of gold .
So says the Lord Jehovah : The gate of the inner court that faces the east shall be shut the six working days . But on the sabbath day it shall be opened , and in the day of the new moon it shall be opened .
And answering from within that one may say , Do not cause me troubles . The door has already been shut , and my children are in bed with me . I cannot rise up to give to you .
And now , is not Boaz of our kindred , with whose young women you have been ? Behold , he is winnowing the threshing floor of barley tonight .
And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites , and the family of the Izeharites and the family of the Hebronites , and the family of the Uzzielites . These were the families of the Kohathites .
And " they said to the mountains " and to the rocks , " Fall on us , " and hide us from the face of the One sitting on the throne , and from the wrath of the Lamb ,
Make Your word sure to Your servant , who is devoted to Your fear .
For I fear lest somehow coming I not find you as I wish , and I be found by you such as you do not wish ; lest somehow there be strifes , envyings , angers , rivalries , evil speakings , whisperings , proud thoughts , disturbances ;
And they went up into the Negeb , and came to Hebron . And Ahiman , Sheshai , and Talmai , the sons of Anak , were there . And Hebron had been built seven years before Zoan in Egypt .
And in the day he goes into the sanctuary , to the inner court , to minister in the sanctuary , he shall bring his sin offering , declares the Lord Jehovah .
Seventy weeks are decreed as to your people , and as to your holy city , to finish the transgression , and to make an end of sins , and to make atonement for iniquity , and to bring in everlasting righteousness , and to seal up the vision and prophecy , and to anoint the Most Holy .
And he set the cherubs in the middle of the inner house . And they spread out the wings of the cherubs . And the wing of the one touched the wall ; and the wing of the second touched the second wall ; and their wings were to the middle of the house , coming wing against wing .


And Jephthah vowed a vow to Jehovah , and said , If You will indeed give the sons of Ammon into my hand ,
And the great city came to be into three parts , and the cities of the nations fell . And Babylon the great was remembered before God , to give to her the cup of the wine of the anger of His wrath .
From on high He has sent fire into my bones , and subdued it . He spread a net for my feet ; He has turned me back ; He gave me desolation . All the days I faint .
But the promises were spoken to Abraham and to his Seed ( it does not say , And to seeds , as of many , but as of one , " And to your Seed , " which is Christ ) .
Speak these things and exhort and convict with all authority . Let no one despise you .
having been called out by God as a High Priest according to the order of Melchizedek .
And the priest shall look on the plague , and shall shut up the plagued thing seven days .
This is the thing which Jehovah commanded . Gather from it , each one according to the mouth of his eating ; an omer for a head . By the number of your souls you shall take for each man who is in your tent .
For if I desire to boast , I will not be foolish , for I speak the truth . But I spare , lest anyone reckons me to be beyond what he sees me or hears of me .
And Jonathan said , Far be it from you ! For if I knew with certainty that evil was determined by my father , to come on you , would I not tell it to you ?
But the one wronging the neighbor thrust him away , saying , " Who appointed you a ruler and a judge over us ?
I beg you , remember , Who ever perished , being innocent ? Or where were the righteous cut off ?

And said , Do not beg me to leave you , to turn back from following you . For where you go , I will go . And where you stay , I will stay . Your people shall be my people , and your God my God .
Your shepherds slumber , O king of Assyria ; your nobles are lying down . Your people are scattered on the mountains , and no one is gathering .
He shall not make himself unclean for his father , or for his mother , or for his brother , or for his sister , at their death ; because his separation to his God is on his head .
And all the service of Jehovah was prepared on that day , to perform the Passover , and to offer burnt offerings on the altar of Jehovah , according to the command of king Josiah .
And rising up , all the multitude of them led Him before Pilate .
And he said to Moses , I , your father-in-law Jethro , and your wife , and your two sons with her have come to you .
And after two years it happened that Absalom had shearers in Baal-hazor , which is beside Ephraim . And Absalom called to all the sons of the king .
And it happened when he saw the ring , and the bracelets on his sister's hands , and when he heard his sister's words , Rebekah , saying , So the man spoke to me , then he came to the man and saw him standing by the camels at the fountain .

She is not afraid of the snow for her household , for all her household are clothed with scarlet .
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all . Amen .
They did not keep the covenant of God and refused to walk in His law .
For they are vexers to you , because of the wiles with which they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor , and in the matter of Cozbi the daughter of a ruler of Midian , their sister , who was struck in the day of the plague because of the matter of Peor .
Certain men , sons of Belial , have gone out from among you and have drawn away those who live in their city , saying , Let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known ;
And the width of the west side of the court shall have fifty cubits of hangings ; their pillars ten , and their sockets ten .
Do you see a man hasty in his words ? There is more hope for a fool than of him .
And the gift shall not be as by one having sinned ; for indeed the judgment was of one to condemnation , but the free gift is of many offenses to justification .

But the word of the king was heavy against Joab ; and Joab went out and went up and down all Israel , and came to Jerusalem .
And Moses swore in that day , saying , Surely the land on which your foot has trodden shall be an inheritance for you and for your sons forever , because you have fully followed after Jehovah my God .
Also , his sons shall be as before , and his assembly shall be established before Me ; and I will punish all who oppress them .
And Jehovah of Hosts revealed in my ears , Surely this iniquity shall not be covered for you until you die , says the Lord Jehovah of Hosts .
So says Jehovah , The labor of Egypt , and the goods of Ethiopia , and of the Sabeans , men of stature , shall come to you ; and they shall be yours . They shall come after you ; they shall cross in chains ; and they shall bow to you ; they shall plead to you . Surely God is in you , and there is none else , no other God .
And these waters which cause the curse shall go into your bowels to cause the belly to swell , and the thigh to fall . And the woman shall say , Amen , amen .
of the tribe of Asher , Sethur the son of Michael ;
then Jehovah your God will turn your captivity , and He will have pity on you , and will return and gather you from all the nations where Jehovah your God has scattered you .
And David asked of Jehovah , saying , Shall I go ? And shall I strike against these Philistines ? And Jehovah said to David , Go , and you shall strike the Philistines and save Keilah .
And the sons of Judah and the sons of Israel shall be gathered together , and shall set over themselves one head . And they shall go up out of the land ; for great shall be the day of Jezreel .

Set your way of life without money-loving , being satisfied with present things ; for He has said , " Not at all will I leave you , not at all will I forsake you , " never !
And I will purge from among you the rebels and the transgressors against Me . I will bring them out of the land where they reside . and they shall not enter into the land of Israel . And you shall know that I am Jehovah .
The waters made him great and the deep made him high with her rivers , going all around her planting , and she sent out her channels to all the trees of the field .
And after they join themselves to him , he will practice deceit ; for he shall come and shall be strong with a few people .
Jehovah founded the earth by wisdom ; He founded the heavens by understanding ;
Zedekiah was a son of twenty one years when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem eleven years ; and the name of his mother was Hamutal , the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah .

The baptism of John , from where was it ? From Heaven , or from men ? And they reasoned among themselves , saying , If we shall say , From Heaven , He will say to us , Why then did you not believe him ?
They shall express the memory of Your great goodness , and they shall sing of Your righteousness .
And Aaron said , Let not anger of my lord glow . You know the people , that it is in evil .
Do you reign because you lust to excel in cedar ? Did not your father eat and drink and do justice and righteousness ? Then it was well for him .
And the breast of the wave offering , and the leg of the heave offering , you shall eat in a clean place , you and your sons , and your daughters with you . For they have been given for your portion and the portion of your sons out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the sons of Israel .
And you shall leave your name for a curse to My chosen . And the Lord Jehovah shall kill you ; and He shall call His servants by another name .
I was eyes to the blind , and feet for the lame .
And he cried in a strong , great voice , saying , Babylon the great has fallen ! It has fallen , and it has become a dwelling-place of demons , and a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean bird , even having been hated ,
And the God of peace be with all of you . Amen .
I will open my mouth in a parable ; I will pour forth dark sayings of old ,
Then he said , What have they seen in your house ? And Hezekiah said , They have seen all that is in my house ; there is not a thing among my treasures that I have not made them see .
And your servant had two sons . And the two of them fought in the field , and there was no deliverer between them . And the one struck the other , and killed him .
As to the sons of Israel who lived in the cities of Judah , Rehoboam reigned over them .
because of the many harlotries of the well favored harlot , the mistress of sorceries who sells nations by her harlotries , and families by her sorceries .
Azmaveth the Baharumite , Eliahba the Shaalbonite ,
I have even heard of you , that the spirit of the gods is in you , and light , and excellent wisdom , and understanding are found in you .
And a man of God came near to the king of Israel and said , So says Jehovah , Because the Syrians have said , Jehovah is God of the hills and not God of the valleys , therefore I will deliver all this great multitude into your hand , and you shall know that I am Jehovah .

And it happened after three days they found Him in the temple sitting in the midst of the teachers , even hearing them and questioning them .
And I bowed and worshiped Jehovah , and I blessed Jehovah , God of my master Abraham , who had guided me in the true way , to take for his son the daughter of the brother of my master .

And it happened on the next day , Moses went into the tabernacle of the testimony , and , behold ! The rod of Aaron for the house of Levi had budded , and put forth buds , and bloomed blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .

And he took a broken piece of pottery with which to scrape himself . And he sat down among the ashes .
And he stretched himself on the child three times , and called to Jehovah and said , O Jehovah my God , I beg You , let the soul of this boy return to him .
The labor of fools wearies him , because he does not know how to go to the city .
But when that One comes , the Spirit of truth , He will guide you into all truth , for He will not speak from Himself , but whatever He hears , He will speak ; and He will announce the coming things to you .
And when you complete them , even lie on your right side , the second . And you shall bear the house of Judah's iniquity forty days ; a day for a year . I have set it for you , a day for a year .
and Abdon , and Zichri , and Hanan ,
And Mordecai said to take back to Esther , Do not imagine within yourself to deliver yourself in the king's house more than all the Jews .
to which our twelve tribes hope to arrive , worshiping in earnestness night and day , concerning which hope I am accused by the Jews , king Agrippa .
Therefore , if you , being evil . know to give good gifts to your children , how much more will your Father in Heaven give good things to those that ask Him ?
And they said to Moses , Your servants have lifted the heads of the men of war who were with us , and not a man of us is missing .
and my heart was secretly enticed . or my mouth has kissed my hand ;
And one of his servants answered and said , Let men take now five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city . Behold , they are as all the multitude of Israel who have been left in it . Behold , they are as all the multitude of Israel who have perished . And we will send and see .
I have spoken these things to you that you may have peace in Me . You have distress in the world ; but be encouraged , I have overcome the world .
And some of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their borders out of the tribe of Ephraim .
And you shall not give your semen with any animal , for uncleanness with it . And a woman shall not stand before an animal to lie down with it ; it is a shameful mixing .
even all the silver and gold which you can find in all the province of Babylon , with the free offering of the people , and of the priests , giving willingly for the house of their God in Jerusalem .
He said to them , Then how does David in Spirit call Him Lord , saying ,
Then they said to Him , Lord , always give us this bread .
And a man who commits adultery with a man's wife , who commits adultery with the wife of his neighbor , the adulterer and the adulteress are surely to be put to death .

But Moses did not give an inheritance to the tribe of Levi . Jehovah the God of Israel Himself is their inheritance , as He has spoken to them .
These are the generations of Jacob : Joseph , a son of seventeen years , was feeding the flock with his brothers , with Bilhah's sons and with Zilpah's sons , his father's wives . And he was a youth . And Joseph brought an evil report of them to their father .
And he made fifty bronze hooks to join the tent , to unite it in one .
And the sons of Levi : Gershon , Kohath , and Merari .
A flock animal , a perfect one , a male , a yearling , shall be to you . You shall take from the sheep or from the goats .
And if her husband is altogether silent at her from day to day , then he has established all her vows or all her bonds which are on her ; he has established them ; for he remained silent as to her in the day he heard .
And Laban had two daughters , the name of the older , Leah , and the name of the younger , Rachel .

And he put garrisons in all Edom ; and all Edom became servants to David . And Jehovah helped David in all places in which he went .
And He said , Woe to you also , lawyers ! Because you burden men with burdens hard to bear , and you yourselves do not touch the burdens with one of your fingers .
and six steps were to the throne , and a footstool of gold was fastened to the throne ; and hands were on this side and on that , at the place of the sitting ; and two lions were standing near the hands ;
whose end is destruction , whose god is the belly , and who glory in their shame , those who mind earthly things .
And you know today , for I do not speak with your sons who have not known , and who have not seen the chastisement of Jehovah your God , His greatness , His mighty hand , and His stretched out arm ,
You have rebuked the proud , the cursed ones who go astray from Your commands .
And Stephen , full of faith and power , was doing wonders and great signs among the people .
Until when will you speak these things , since the words of your mouth are like a mighty wind ?
And leaping up , he stood and walked , and went with them into the temple , walking and leaping , and praising God .
Let Dan be a serpent on the way , a horned snake on the path that bites the horses' heels , and its rider falls backward .
And hearing , the king became angry . And sending his armies , he destroyed those murderers and burned their city .
Then Jesus said to them again , I go , and you will seek Me . And you will die in your sin . Where I go , you are not able to come .
So that we may boldly say , " The Lord is my helper , and I will not be afraid . What shall man do to me ? "
But it will return to you for a testimony .
And a day came when the sons of God came to present themselves before Jehovah . And Satan also came among them .
If I go out into the field , then I see those pierced with the sword . And if I enter into the city , then , behold , diseases of famine ! Yes , both the prophet and the priest have gone up into a land that they do not know .
And Samuel said , Does Jehovah delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of Jehovah ? Behold , to obey is better than sacrifice ! To give attention is better than the fat of rams .
and for leprosy of a garment , and of a house ,
And they plotted together in order that they might seize Jesus by guile and kill Him .
Now a summary over the things being said : We have such a High Priest , who sat down on the right of the throne of the Majesty in Heaven ,
He put another parable before them , saying : The kingdom of Heaven is compared to a grain of mustard , which taking , a man sowed in his field ;

And a report about Him went out into every place of the neighborhood .
And the slave told Isaac all the things that he had done .
And the sons of Ammon crossed over the Jordan to fight against Judah also , and against Benjamin , and against the house of Ephraim . And Israel was greatly distressed .
Again the word of Jehovah came to me , saying ,
And the men whom Moses had sent to spy out the land , and who , when they returned , made all the congregation to murmur against him , by bringing up an evil report against the land ,
through whom also we have had access by faith into this grace in which we stand , and we glory on the hope of the glory of God .
then I , I also , shall walk contrary to you , and shall smite you , even I , seven times more for your sins ;
But woe to you , rich ones , for you have your comfort !
And they dug another well , and they also fought over it ; and he called its name , Opposition .
These are the families of Judah , according to those numbered of them , seventy six thousand , five hundred .
Ishmaiah the son of Obadiah was over Zebulun . Jerimoth the son of Azriel was over Naphtali .
And He said to the man , Because you have listened to the voice of your wife , and have eaten of the tree about which I commanded you , saying , You shall not eat from it , the ground shall be cursed because of you ; you shall eat of it in sorrow all the days of your life .
For she said within herself , If only I shall touch His robe , I will be cured .
And they all together shouted , saying , Take this one , and release Barabbas to us
And the rest of the acts of Zechariah , behold , they are written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel .
And they said to them , We are not able to do this thing , to give our sister to a man who is uncircumcised . For it is a reproach to us .
And I will give to you and to your seed after you the land of your sojourning , all the land of Canaan , for an everlasting possession and I will be their God .
Yea , they turned back and tested God , and pained the Holy One of Israel .
You shall hear in Heaven , Your dwellingplace , and shall do according to all that the stranger calls to You for , so that all the peoples of the earth may know Your name , to fear You like Your people Israel , and to know that Your name has been called on this house which I have built .
as newborn babes desire the pure soul-nourishing milk , that you may grow by it ;
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
and Joanna , wife of Chuza , Herod's steward , and Susanna , and many others , who were ministering to Him of their possessions .
And his uncle shall lift him up , and he who burns him , to bring out the bones from the house ; and he shall say to that one left in the recesses of the house , Are any still with you ? And he shall say , No . Then he shall say , Hush ! For not one shall mention the name of Jehovah .
and went in after the man of Israel , into the tent room . And he pierced both of them through , the man of Israel and the woman , through her belly . So the plague was stayed from the sons of Israel .
They press out oil between their walls ; they tread winepresses , but are thirsty .
And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering and put it on the door posts of the house , and on the four corners of the ledge of the altar , and on the gateposts of the inner court .
turning aside the lip of the trusted men ; and He takes away the reason of the aged .
Then secretly calling the wise men , Herod asked of them exactly the time of the star appearing .
And their father gave to them many gifts of silver and gold , and of precious things , with fortified cities of Judah ; but he gave the kingdom to Jehoram , for he was the firstborn .
who came with Zerubbabel : Jeshua , Nehemiah , Seraiah , Reelaiah , Mordecai , Bilshan , Mispar , Bigvai , Rehum , Baanah . This is the number of the men of the people of Israel :
Also I spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , So says Jehovah , Do not listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , Behold , the vessels of the house of Jehovah shall now be quickly brought again from Babylon . For they prophesy a lie to you .
And he said , Good , I will cut a covenant with you , but one thing I ask of you , saying , You shall not see my face except you first bring Michal the daughter of Saul when you come to see my face .
And now , you are cursed , and none of you shall fail to be slaves , and woodcutters , and drawers of water for the house of my God .
But your eyes see all the great work of Jehovah which He has done .
If anyone has an ear , let him hear .
from Syria , and from Moab , and from the sons of Ammon , and from the Philistines , and from Amalek , and from the plunder of Hadadezer the son of Rehob , the king of Zobah .
You shall fall by the sword . I will judge you to the border of Israel , and you shall know that I am Jehovah .
And evening having come on , they brought to Him many having been possessed by demons . And He cast out the spirits by a word , and He healed all those having illness ,
And they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights . And no one was speaking a word to him , for they saw that his pain was very great .
And they shouting , and tearing the garments , and throwing dust into the air ,

I give a new commandment to you , that you should love one another ; according as I loved you , you should also love one another .
And I have established his Seed forever , and His throne as the days of the heavens .

I am Jehovah your God , walk in My statutes , and keep My judgments , and do them .
A man's heart plans his way , but Jehovah fixes his step .
Then Moses and the sons of Israel sang this song to Jehovah , and spoke , saying , I will sing to Jehovah , for He is highly exalted . He has thrown the horse and his rider into the sea .

But Isaiah is very bold and says , " I was found by those not seeking Me ; I became known to those not inquiring after Me . "
Where are your wise ones now ? Yea , let them tell you now , that they may know what Jehovah of Hosts has planned against Egypt .
Behold , an hour is coming , and now has come , that you are scattered , each one to his own things , and you will leave Me alone . Yet I am not alone , because the Father is with Me .
As the door turns on its hinge , so the lazy one on his bed .
Cursed be their anger , for it was fierce ; and their wrath , for it was cruel . I will divide them in Jacob , and I will scatter them in Israel .
And the Philistines heard that they had anointed David for king over Israel . And all the Philistines came up to seek David . And David heard and went down to the stronghold .

the headdresses , and the leg ornaments , and the sashes , and the houses of the soul , and the amulets ;
And you shall not escape out of his hand , but shall surely be captured and delivered into his hand . And your eyes shall behold the eyes of the king of Babylon , and he shall speak , his mouth with your mouth ; and you shall go to Babylon .
Therefore , tell them , So says the Lord Jehovah : I will make this proverb cease , and they shall not use it again in Israel . However , say to them , The days draw near , and the matter of every vision .
For because you have trusted in your works and in your treasures , you shall also be captured . And Chemosh shall go into exile ; both his priests and his rulers .
And the border turns to Ramah , and to the strong city Tyre . And the border turns to Hosah , and the outer limits of it are at the sea from the line to Achzib ,
I will write the great things of My law for him . They were counted as a strange thing .
And David sent home to Tamar , saying , Please go to the house of your brother Amnon and make food for him .
He plots evil on his bed ; he sets himself on a way that is not good ; he does not hate evil .

And one strong angel lifted a stone like a great millstone , and threw it into the sea , saying , This way , on a violent impulse , Babylon the great city will be thrown down , and it will never more still be found .

And all the multitude of the people was praying outside at the hour of incense .
Behold , God will not cast away the innocent , and He will not help the evildoers ,
These were the sons of Ishmael , and these their names in their settlements and in their camps , twelve chiefs according to their nations .


Do not envy the cruel man , and choose not among all his ways .

obtaining the end of your faith , the salvation of your souls .
And it happened as the flame from off the altar was going up to the heavens , that the Angel of Jehovah went up in the flame of the altar . And Manoah and his wife were watching . And they fell on their faces to the ground .
And you shall build an altar there to Jehovah your God , an altar of stones ; you shall not wield any iron tool on them ;
Return , O Jehovah ! Until when ? And give pity to Your servants .
And Moses came and spoke all the words of this song in the ears of the people , he and Joshua the son of Nun .
For that righteous one living among them day after day , in seeing and in hearing , his righteous soul was tormented with their lawless deeds .
Hear advice and receive instruction , that you may be wise in your latter end .
And Moses stretched out his staff to the heavens . And Jehovah gave thunder and hail . And fire came down to the earth , and Jehovah rained hail on the land of Egypt .
And the men of Ai struck about thirty six men of them , and pursued them before the gate to Shebarim . And they struck them in the descent . And the heart of the people was melted , and became as water .

All the curtains of the court all around were twined bleached linen .
And when they came to the threshing floor of Nachon , and Uzzah reached out to the ark of God , and took hold of it , for the oxen nearly upset it ,
And having gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked of them where the Christ was to be born .


And Rehoboam went to Shechem , for all Israel had come to Shechem to make him king .
Jesus said to her , Your brother will rise again .

Peter said to Him , You may in no way wash my feet to the age . Jesus answered him , Unless I wash you , you have no part with Me .
And coming to a place called Golgotha , which is called , Place of a Skull ,
For the rest my brothers , rejoice in the Lord . To write the same things to you truly is not tiresome to me , but safe for you .
And all this company shall know that Jehovah does not save by sword and by spear , but that the battle belongs to Jehovah , and He has given you into our hand .
And Micaiah said , As Jehovah lives , surely that which my God says , that I shall speak .
But let your word be Yes , yes ; No , no . For whatever is more than these is from evil .

By your great wisdom , by your trade you have multiplied your riches , and your heart is lifted up because of your riches .
My Beloved is bright and ruddy , standing out among ten thousand .
And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David , You shall not come in here . But David captured the fortress of Zion ; it is the city of David .
And after the death of Hezron in Caleb-ephratah , then Abiah , Hezron's wife bore to him Ashur the father of Tekoa .
And Jehovah appeared to Abram and said I will give this land to your seed . And he built an altar there to Jehovah , who appeared to him .
and of the oxen , thirty six thousand ;
Assemble to me all the elders of your tribes , and your officers , and I shall speak in their ears these words , and cause Heaven and the earth to testify against them .
On account of this , brothers , rather be diligent to make sure of your calling and election ; for doing these things , you will not ever fall into sin .
And he spoke to the sons of Israel , saying , When your sons ask their fathers hereafter , saying , What do these stones mean ?
Take twelve men for you out of the people , one man of each tribe .
Every one is ashamed over a people who do not profit them ; they are not for a help , and not for profiting , but for a shame ; yea , also for a reproach .
And Ornan said to David , Take it for yourself , and my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes ; see , I have given the oxen for burnt offerings , and the threshing instruments for wood , and the wheat for the food offering ; I give it all .
For this is the day of the Lord Jehovah of Hosts , a day of vengeance , that He may avenge Himself of His foes . And the sword shall devour , and be sated , and made drunk with their blood , for a sacrifice is to the Lord Jehovah of Hosts in the north country by the river Euphrates .

Then shall be brought in that time to Jehovah of Hosts a present from a tall and smooth people , and a terrifying people , from it and onward ; a mighty and trampling nation whose land the rivers have divided , to the place of the name of Jehovah of Hosts : Mount Zion .
But going away , the one who received the one dug in the earth and hid his lord's silver .
Which figure now also saves us , baptism ( not a putting away of the filth of the flesh , but the answer of a good conscience toward God through the resurrection of Jesus Christ ;
And behold , men were passing by and saw the carcass thrown in the way , and the lion standing near the carcass ; and they came and reported it in the city in which the old prophet lived .
According to the mouth of Jehovah , they gave him the city which he asked , Timnath-serah in Mount Ephraim . And he built the city and lived in it .

And answering , Jesus said to them , Do you not err because of this , not knowing the Scriptures nor the power of God ?
And Thomas answered and said to Him , My Lord and my God !
But Jehovah is with me like a mighty , awesome one . On account of this my persecutors shall stumble and will not prevail . And they shall be greatly ashamed . For they have not acted wisely ; they are an everlasting disgrace that will not be forgotten .
And the Lord said to him , Rising up pass along on the street being called Straight and seek a Tarsian , Saul by name , in the house of Judas . For , behold , he is praying .

So , then , you are no longer strangers and tenants , but you are fellow citizens of the saints and of the household of God ,
And Lamech said to his wives , Adah and Zillah , Hear my voice , you wives of Lamech ; listen to my words ; for I have killed a man because of my wound , and a young man because of my hurt .
In the visions of God He brought me into the land of Israel and made me rest on a very high mountain . And it was as the structure of a city on the south .
But still breathing threats and murder toward the disciples of the Lord , coming to the high priest ,

Rejoice not against me , my enemy ; for if I fall , I shall arise . For if sit in darkness , Jehovah is a light to me .
For the one in whom these things are not present is blind , being shortsighted , taking on forgetfulness of the cleansing of his sins in time past .
And answered and said :
But He went away , passing through their midst .
And Egypt made the sons of Israel to serve with harshness .
The men of Ramah and Gaba were six hundred and twenty one .
And Saul said Let us go down after the Philistines by night and plunder them until the morning light , and not a man remains among them . And they said , Do all that is good in your eyes . And the priest said , Let us draw near here to God .

Of Benjamin : Bela and Becher , and Jediael , three .
Woe to you , Chorazin ! Woe to you , Bethsaida ! For if the powerful acts which have taken place in you had happened in Tyre and Sidon , they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes .
But when he came on the stairs , it happened he was borne by the soldiers because of the violence of the crowd .
Wash me completely from my iniquity , and cleanse me from my sin .

Go say to them , Return to your tents .

And Jehovah said to me , Behold , I have begun to give Sihon and his land before you ; begin to possess , in order to possess his land .
But he who heard and did not perform , he is like a man having built his house on the earth without a foundation , on which the stream burst , and it immediately fell ; and the ruin of that house was great .
But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery , having been hidden , which God predetermined before the ages for our glory ,

And she said , Let your handmaid find grace in your eyes . And the woman went her way , and ate , and her face was no longer sad .
Set up a banner in the land . Blow a trumpet among the nations ; consecrate nations against her . Make hear the kingdoms of Ararat , Minni , and Ashkenaz together against her , set a marshal against her . Cause the horses to come up like rough locusts .
Let every soul be subject to higher authorities , for there is no authority except from God , but the existing authorities have been ordained by God .
if I looked to the light when it shone , or the moon marching in splendor ,
but when the perfect thing comes , then that which is in part will be caused to cease .
And behold , a woman who had a flow of blood for twelve years came near behind Him , and touched the fringe of His robe .
I , Jesus , sent My angel to testify these things to you over the churches . I am the Root and Offspring of David , the bright and morning Star .
And they brought the boy alive and were comforted not a little .
Surely , the squeezing of milk brings curds , and the squeezing of the nose brings blood ; so the squeezing of wrath brings out strife .
The burden of Tyre : Howl , ships of Tarshish ! For it is ruined , without house , without entrance . It is revealed to them from the land of Kittim .
pour forth the outbursts of your anger ; yea , look on everyone who is proud , and bring him down low ;
among whom you also walked at one time , when you were living in these .
bless those cursing you and pray for those insulting you .
By faith , being tested , Abraham offered up Isaac ; and he receiving the promises was offering up the only begotten ,
And the king said , Is the hand of Joab with you in all this ? And the woman answered and said , As your soul lives , my lord , O king , none shall turn to the right or to the left from all that my lord the king has spoken . For your servant Joab commanded me , and he put all these words in your servant's mouth .
And Moses listened to the voice of his father-in-law , and he did all that he had said .
And Israel struck him by the mouth of the sword and seized his land , from Arnon to Jabbok , to the sons of Ammon . For the border of the sons of Ammon was strong .
And they said to him , Please tell us on account of whom has this evil occurred to us ? What is your work ? And from where do you come ? What is your country , and of what people are you ?
When you build a new house , then you shall make a guard rail for your roof , so that you do not put blood on your house if someone falls from it .
Glory to God in the highest , and peace on earth , good will among men .
I will dwell in Your tabernacle forever ; I will trust in the shelter of Your wings . Selah .
And they forced one passing by , Simon , a Cyrenian , coming from a field , the father of Alexander and Rufus , that he might carry His cross .

All these evil things pass out from within and defile the man .
And Jehovah touched the king , and he was a leper to the day of his death ; and he lived in a separate house , and Jotham the son of the king was over the house , judging the people of the land .
And all were amazed and marveled , saying to one another , Behold , are not all these , those speaking , Galileans ?
And standing at a distance , the tax collector would not even lift up his eyes to Heaven , but smote on his breast , saying , God , be merciful to me , the sinner !
So says Jehovah : For three transgressions of Tyre , and for four , I will not turn back from it , for they delivered up as exiles a complete population to Edom and did not remember the covenant of brothers .
And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer , and shall lay them up outside the camp in a clean place . And it shall be kept for the congregation of the sons of Israel for a water of impurity ; it is a purging offering .
And they lifted their voice , saying , Jesus , Master , pity us .
the saying of him who hears the words of God , and knows the knowledge of the Most High , who sees the vision of the Almighty , falling down , yet with open eyes :
He at once ran down to them , taking soldiers and centurions . And seeing the chiliarch and the soldiers , they stopped beating Paul .
But refuse the foolish and uninstructed questionings , knowing that they generate quarrels .
And Abishai the son of Zeruiah said to the king , Why does this dead dog curse my lord the king ? let me pass over , I beg you , and I will take off his head .
And he brought me by the way of the north gate , to the face of the house . And I looked , and , behold , the glory of Jehovah filled the house of the Lord ! And I fell on my face .
Now , then , you with the sanhedrin inform the chiliarch , so that tomorrow he may bring him down to you , as intending more accurately to find out about him . And before his drawing near , we are ready to kill him .
And the people said , You shall not go out , for if we flee they will not set their heart on us even if half of us die ; for now you are like ten thousand to us . And now it is better that you be a helper for us from the city .
And the fear of Jehovah was on all the kingdoms of the lands around Judah ; and they did not fight with Jehoshaphat .
Their land swarmed with frogs in the rooms of their kings .
And He raised their sons up in their place . circumcised them , for they had been uncircumcised ; for they had not been circumcised in the way .
And he called the name of that place , The House of God . And yet the name of the city was at first Luz .
Let us come before His face with praise ; let us shout for joy to Him with songs .
And he shall bathe his flesh with water in the sanctuary and shall put on his garments , and shall come out , and shall offer his burnt offering , and the burnt offering of the people , and shall atone for himself and for his people .
and the messenger said to David , Surely the men have been mighty against us , and came out to us into the field . And we were on them to the entrance of the gate .
He shall return no more to his house ; nor shall his place know him any more .

But it shall happen in the latter days ; I will bring again the exile of Elam , declares Jehovah .
For He charged the unclean spirit to come out of the man . For many times it had seized him , and he was bound with chains and fetters , being guarded . And tearing apart the bonds , he was driven by the demons into the deserted places .
Hadad , and Tema , and Jetur , Naphish , and Kedemah .
Ho ! Ho ! Flee then from the land of the north , says Jehovah . For I have scattered you as the four winds of the heavens , declares Jehovah .
And Jacob vowed a vow , saying , If God is with me and keeps me in this way which I am going , and gives to me bread to eat and clothing to wear ,
But Ananias the high priest ordered those standing by him to strike his mouth .
Yea , Jehovah shall give good , and our land shall give its produce .
And at once , as He was yet speaking , Judas came up , being one of the Twelve . And with him was a great crowd with swords and clubs , from the chief priests and the scribes and the elders .
My root was open to the waters , and the dew lay all night on my branch .
and the pillars of the court all around , and their sockets , and their pins , and their cords .
Go , and you shall say to My servant David , So says Jehovah , You shall not build a house for Me to dwell in ;
And he took him to the field of Zophim , to the top of Pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered a bull and a ram on the altar .
But the bridegroom delaying , all nodded and slept .
Behold , I am against you , O proud one , says the Lord Jehovah of Hosts , for your day has come , the time I will punish you .
And Eli was ninety eight years old , and his eyes were set , and he was not able to see .
For the ways of man are before the eyes of Jehovah , and He ponders all his tracks .
rock badgers are not a powerful people , yet they make their houses in the rock ;
And the sun sinking , all , as many as had sick ones with various diseases , brought them to Him . And laying hands on each one of them , He healed them .
The Lord Jehovah has sworn by His holiness that the days are coming that He will lift you up with meat hooks , and the last of you with fishhooks .
And finding Him , they said to Him , All are seeking You .
Behold , even the moon , and it is not bright ; and the stars are not pure in His eyes ;
Jehovah shall strike you with an evil ulcer on the knees , and on the legs , of which you cannot be healed from the sole of your foot even to your crown .
And the word of Jehovah was to the prophet Jeremiah , saying ,
Remember that which Jehovah your God did to Miriam in the way , as you came out of Egypt .
And Esau ran to meet him , and embraced him , and fell on his neck and kissed him . And they wept .
And Rachel saw that she did not bear to Jacob , and Rachel was jealous of her sister . And she said to Jacob , Give me sons ; and if there is none , I shall die .
Listen , O kings ; give ear , O princes . I , even I , will sing to Jehovah ; I will sing praise to Jehovah the God of Israel .
Who are you judging another's servant ? To his own master he stands or falls . But he will stand , for God is able to make him stand .
And in the first year of Cyrus King of Persia , so that the word of Jehovah by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled , Jehovah stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia , and he made a proclamation in all his kingdom , and also in writing , saying ,
Look to your father Abraham , and to Sarah who bore you . For he being but one , I called him and blessed him and increased him .
And it opened its mouth in blasphemy toward God , to blaspheme His name and His tabernacle , and those tabernacling in Heaven .
But let it be so , I did not burden you ; but being crafty , I caught you with bait .
It is burned with fire , cut down ; they perish at the rebuke of Your face .
And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah , saying , The king of Moab has rebelled against me . Will you go with me to Moab to battle ? And he said , I will go up . I am as you ; my people as your people ; my horses as your horses .
And Jonathan , David's uncle , was an adviser , a wise man and a scribe . And Jehiel the son of Hachmoni was with the king's sons .
And let not Hezekiah make you trust in Jehovah , saying , Jehovah will surely save us ; this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria .
He shall be with you as a hireling , as a tenant he shall be with you ; he shall serve with you until the year of jubilee ;
And Josiah performed a Passover in Jerusalem to Jehovah , and they killed the passover offering on the fourteenth of the first month .
in the first year of his reign , I , Daniel , understood the number of the years by books , which came as the word of Jehovah to Jeremiah the prophet , that He would accomplish seventy years in the desolations of Jerusalem .

And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
And all the Egyptians dug around the river to drink water , for they were not able to drink from the water of the river .
And they tested God in their heart , by asking food for their souls .
indeed being exposed both to reproaches and to afflictions ; and having become partners of those so living .

And you shall perish among the nations , and the land of your enemies shall devour you .
And he made fifty hooks of gold ; and he joined the curtains by the hooks , one to another . And the tabernacle became one .
With us are both the grayheaded and very aged men , mightier than your father as to days .
Also the vessels which are given to you for the service of the house of your God , deliver before the God of Jerusalem .
The sword is outside , and the plague , and the famine are inside . He who is in the field shall die with the sword . And he who is in the city , famine and plague shall devour him .
that you not cut a covenant with the people of the land , and they fornicate with their gods , and they call to you , and you eat from his sacrifice ;
and laid their hands on the apostles , and put them in public custody .
He too poor for that offering chooses a tree that will not rot ; he seeks a skilled artisan for him , to prepare a carved image that will not be shaken .

Therefore , when He came into Galilee , the Galileans received Him , seeing all things which He did in Jerusalem at the Feast . For they also went to the Feast .
For any person who is not humbled in this same day shall be cut off from his people .
But He whom God raised up , this One did not see corruption .
For Adam was formed first , then Eve .

And Balak said to Balaam , What have you done to me ? I took you to curse my enemies , and lo you have surely blessed .
And this is the thing which you shall do to them , to sanctify them to minister as priests to Me : take one bullock , the son of the herd , and two perfect rams ,
So says Jehovah , You shall not go up nor fight with your brothers the sons of Israel . Each turn back to his house , for this thing has been from Me . And they heard the word of Jehovah , and turned to go back , according to the word of Jehovah .
In that hour , Jesus said to the crowds , Have you come out to take Me with swords and clubs , as against a robber ? I sat with you daily teaching in the temple , and you did not lay hands on Me .
But now , knowing God , but rather being known by God , how do you turn again to the weak and poor elements to which you desire again to slave anew ?
And all the women whose hearts were lifted up in wisdom spun the goats' hair .
And I rejoice because of you , in order that you may believe that I was not there . But let us go to him .
Listen to Me , O Jacob , and Israel My called : I am He ; I am the first ; I surely am the last .
Even in Horeb you made Jehovah angry ; and Jehovah breathed angrily against you , to destroy you .
On account of this , the well was called , The Well of the Living One Seeing Me . Behold , it is between Kadesh and Bered .
Uphold me by Your word , that I may live ; and let me not be ashamed of my hope .
But having seen them following , Jesus said to them , What do you seek ? And they said to Him , Rabbi ( which being translated is called Teacher ) , where do You stay ?
He made its poles of silver ; its back of gold ; its seat of purple ; its middle was paved with love by the daughters of Jerusalem .
For every house is built by someone ; but He who built all things is God .
But these others out of love , knowing that I am set for defense of the gospel .
From the sole of the foot even to the head , no soundness is in it ; only a wound and a stripe and a fresh blow ; they have not been closed , nor bound up ; nor was it softened with oil .

And the king said to me , the queen also sitting beside him , For how long shall your journey be ? And when will you return ? So it pleased the king , and he sent me ; and I set him a time .
you shall take up this proverb against the king of Babylon , and say : How the exacter , the gold gatherer , has ceased !
Flee from the midst of Babylon , and go out of the land of the Chaldeans , and be as the he goats before the flocks .
And the armor-bearer saw that Saul was dead , and he also fell on the sword and died .
And the king was grieved , but because of the oaths , and those who had reclined with him , he ordered it to be given .
And I will wait on Jehovah , who hides His face from the house of Jacob ; and I will look for Him .
To the chief musician . A Psalm for the Sons of Korah . All the peoples clap the hand ; shout aloud to God with the voice of shouting .
He lays up sound wisdom for the upright ; He is a shield to the ones who walk in integrity ,
And the king turned his face and blessed all the congregation of Israel . And all the congregation of Israel was standing .
And it happened , as he spoke with him , that he said to him , Have we appointed you a counselor to the king ? Stop ! Why should they strike you ? And the prophet stopped , and said , I know that God has counseled to destroy you because you have done this , and have not listened to my counsel .
And Agrippa said to Festus , This man was able to have been let go , if he had not appealed to Caesar .
For all saw Him , and were troubled . And immediately He spoke to them and said to them , Have courage . I AM ! Do not fear .
And Absalom had set Amasa over the army instead of Joab . And Amasa was the son of a man whose name was Ithra the Israelite , who had gone in to Abigail , the daughter of Nahash , the sister of Zeruiah , the brother of Joab .
But those who fed them fled , and going into the city , they told all the things of the ones who had been demon-possessed .
Our Redeemer ; Jehovah of Hosts is His name , the Holy One of Israel .
And it happened , when the Philistine arose and went , and drew near to meet David , David hurried and ran toward the ranks to meet the Philistine .
And Aaron was a hundred and twenty three years old at his death in Mount Hor .
And again Isaiah says , " The Root of Jesse shall be , and He rising up to rule the nations ; on Him nations will hope . "
instructing us that having denied ungodliness and worldly lusts , we should live discreetly and righteously and godly in the present age ,
And it shall be to him , and to his seed after him , the covenant of an everlasting priesthood ; because he was zealous for his God , and atone for the sons of Israel .
and all of you will go over Jordan armed before Jehovah , until He has driven His enemies out before Him ,


It has been written in the Prophets , They " shall " all " be taught of God . " So then everyone who hears and learns from the Father comes to Me ;
Hide me from the council of those who injure , from the tumult of evildoers ,
Truly I say to you , All the sins will be forgiven to the sons of men , and whatever blasphemies they have blasphemed ;
The one crag was a pillar on the north in front of Michmash , and the one on the south in front of Gibeah .
And Laban went to shear his sheep . And Rachel stole the household idols which were her father's .
Remember the days of old , consider the years of many generations ; ask your father , and he shall tell you ; your elders , and they shall tell you ;
But He said this , signifying by what kind of death He was about to die .
And you shall bring them before Jehovah , and the priests shall throw salt on them , and they shall offer them for a burnt offering to Jehovah .
So you shall not see vanity , and you shall not divine any divination . And I will deliver My people out of your hand . And you shall know that I am Jehovah .
Though a sinner does evil a hundred times , and his days are prolonged to him , yet surely I know that it shall be well to those who fear God , who fear before Him .
But the older son was in a field . And having come , as he drew near to the house , he heard music and dances .
And Eliphaz the Temanite , and Bildad the Shuhite , and Zophar the Naamathite went and did as Jehovah spoke to them . And Jehovah lifted the face of Job .
And answering , the angel said to her , The Holy Spirit will come upon you , and the power of the Most High will overshadow you , and for this reason that Holy One being born of you will be called Son of God .

Fulfill the week of this one and we will also give you this other one , for the service which you will serve with me , yet another seven years .
And God listened to the voice of Manoah , and the Angel of God came again to the woman . And she was sitting in a field ; and her husband Manoah was not with her .
Bring out the blind people , yet there are eyes ; and the deaf , yet there are ears to him .
And the neighbors and her relatives heard that the Lord magnified His mercy with her , and they rejoiced with her .
You shall make it hollow with boards ; as He showed you in the mountain , so they shall make it .
And David answered Rechab and his brother Baanah , the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite , and said to them , As Jehovah lives , who has redeemed my life out of all distress ,
And Urijah the priest did according to all that king Ahaz commanded .
Then Simon Peter signaled to him to ask whom it might be of whom He spoke .
And , behold , at once three men stood at the house in which I was , having been sent from Caesarea to me .
And Joab came to the king and told him . And he called to Absalom ; and he came to the king , and bowed to him on his face to the earth before the king . And the king gave a kiss to Absalom .
And it happened in that night , that the Angel of Jehovah went out and struck a hundred and eighty five thousand in the camp of Assyria ; and they rose up early in the morning , and behold , all of them were dead bodies .

These are springs without water , clouds being driven by tempest , for whom the blackness of darkness is kept forever .
And the Levites shall have alongside the border of the priests twenty five thousand cubits long and ten thousand wide . All the length shall be twenty five thousand , and the width ten thousand .
And innocent blood shall not be shed in the midst of your land , which Jehovah your God is giving to you as an inheritance , and there be blood on you .
A Prayer of the afflicted , when he is faint and pours out his complaint before Jehovah . Hear my prayer , O Jehovah , and let my cry come to You .
By the number of years after the jubilee you shall buy from your neighbor ; by the number of the years of increase he shall sell to you ;
And say to the people of the land , So says the Lord Jehovah to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , to the land of Israel : They shall eat their bread with anxiety and drink their water with horror , so that her land may be desolated of her fullness , because of the violence of all those who live in her .
And the people said , The chief men of Gilead , each man to his neighbor , Who will be the man who will begin to fight against the sons of Ammon ? He shall be head over all the people of Gilead .
And the Lord will deliver me from every wicked work and will save me for His heavenly kingdom ; to whom be the glory forever and ever . Amen .
His eyes are as the eyes of doves on the rivers of waters , washed with milk , sitting on a setting .
Now come , write it before them on a tablet , and note it on a book , so that it may be for the latter day , until forever ;
And if we know that He hears us , whatever we ask , we know that we have the requests which we have asked from Him .
The woman said to Him , Sir , I perceive that you are a prophet .

And you shall come to you fathers in peace . You shall be buried in good old age .

Men , Ninevites , will stand up in the Judgment with this generation and will condemn it . For they repented at the preaching of Jonah , and , behold , a Greater-than-Jonah is here .
And let us rise up and go up to Bethel . And I will make an altar there to God , who answered me in the day of my distress . And He was with me in the way in which I went .
and if she leaves his house and goes and becomes another man's wife ,
But now God set the members , each one of them , in the body , even as He desired .
He runs at him with a stiff neck , with the thick layers of his shields ,
And I will do judgments in Egypt . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
And he did evil in the eyes of Jehovah , according to all that Jehoiakim had done .
And He said to me , Son of man , make your belly eat , and fill your bowels with the roll , this that I give to you . And I ate , and it was in my mouth like honey for sweetness .

And He said to them , What words are these which you exchange with each other while walking , and are sad of face ?

Speak lovingly to the heart of Jerusalem ; yea , cry to her that her warfare is done , that her iniquity is pardoned ; for she has taken from the hand of Jehovah double for all her sins .

And if your hand or your foot offends you , cut it off and throw it from you ; it is good for you to enter into life lame or maimed , than having two hands or two feet to be thrown into the everlasting fire .
O Jehovah , Your name endures forever ; O Jehovah , Your memorial is from generation and generation .
And this was yet but little in Your eyes , O Lord Jehovah . But You have spoken also of Your servant's house for a time afar off . And is this the law of men , O Lord Jehovah ?
And Adonibezek fled , and they pursued him and caught him , and cut off his thumbs and his big toes .
And windows were in three rows , and light was against light in three rows .
In that day his fortified cities shall be as a thing left in the forest , or the branch that they leave , from before the sons of Israel . And it will become a desolation .
For indeed , being in the tabernacle , we groan , having been weighted down , inasmuch as we do not wish to be unclothed , but to be clothed , so that the mortal may be swallowed up by the life .
in which you exult ; yet a little while , if need be , grieving in manifold trials ,
The words of a talebearer are as wounds ; yea , they go down into the innermost chambers of the belly .
For through You I can run through a troop ; and through my God I have leaped over a wall .
And she continued to bear his brother , Abel . And Abel became a shepherd of flocks . And Cain became a tiller of the ground .
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have been very devious with Me , declares Jehovah .
And how do we hear each in our own dialect in which we were born ,
For of these are those creeping into houses and leading silly women captive , the ones having been heaped with sins , being led away by various lusts ,

for their Redeemer is mighty , He will contend for their cause with you .
He was more honored than the thirty , but he did not come to the first three . And David set him over his guard .

And you magnified with your mouth against Me and have multiplied your words against Me ; I have heard .

To the chief musician . Concerning the silent dove , those far off . Of David , a secret treasure ( when the Philistines seized him in Gath ) . Favor me , O God , for man snuffs me up ; all the day fighting oppresses me .
And Jehoiada the priest gave to the commanders of the hundreds the spears , and the shields , and the bucklers that were king David's , that were in the house of God .
Now I will rise up , says Jehovah . Now I will be exalted ; now I will be lifted up .
his offering : one silver dish , its weight a hundred and thirty , one silver basin of seventy shekels according to the sanctuary shekel , both of them full of flour mixed with oil for a food offering ;
And Jehovah hardened the heart of Pharaoh , and he was not willing to send them away .
And Absalom said , Who shall make me a judge in the land , that every man who has a dispute , I will then declare him right , even with justice ?
For this reason , do not be foolish , but understanding what the will of the Lord is .
With arrows and with the bow , he shall come there ; because all the land shall be briers and thorns .

when you listen to the voice of Jehovah your God , to keep all His commandments which I am commanding you today , to do that which is right in the eyes of Jehovah your God .
And Asa brought out silver and gold from the treasures of the house of Jehovah , and from the king's house ; and he sent to Ben-hadad the king of Syria , who lived in Damascus , saying ,
and to go through you into Macedonia , and again from Macedonia to come to you and to be set forward by you to Judea .
And the king said to Zadok , Take the ark of God back to the city . If I find grace in the eyes of Jehovah , then He will bring me back and show it and His dwelling place to me .
You are My friends if you do whatever I command you .
And all the valiant men arose and carried away Saul's body , and the bodies of his sons , and brought them to Jabesh . And they buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh ; and fasted seven days .
And I will increase your seed like the stars of the heavens , and I will give to your seed all these lands . And all the nations of the earth shall bless themselves in your seed ,
And answered and said :
And worshiping Him , they returned to Jerusalem with great joy ,
And God said to Moses , I AM THAT I AM ; and He said , you shall say this to the sons of Israel , I AM has sent me to you .
And I passed by you , and I looked on you , and , behold , your time was the time of love . And I spread My skirt over you and covered your nakedness . And I swore to you and entered into a covenant with you , declares the Lord Jehovah . And you became Mine .
and he put command posts in Edom , and all the Edomites were servants to David . And Jehovah preserved David wherever he went .
Sing to Him a new song ; play skillfully , with shouts of joy .
So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , Like these good figs , so I will acknowledge the exiles of Judah whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Chaldeans for good .
no evil shall happen to You , nor shall any plague come near Your tent .

Until when must I see the banner and hear the sound of the ram's horn ?
And all those hearing were amazed and said , Is this not the one destroying those who have called on this Name in Jerusalem , and he had come here for this , that binding them he might lead them before the chief priests ?


And opening His mouth , He taught them , saying :

And Samuel grew up , and Jehovah was with him , and did not let any of his words fall to the earth .
For so says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , As My anger and My fury has flowed out upon the people of Jerusalem , so shall My fury flow out on you when you enter Egypt . And you shall be a curse , and a horror , and a shame , and a reproach , and you shall not see this place anymore .
Go up the mountain and bring wood and build this house . And I will be pleased with it , and I will be glorified , says Jehovah .
The crowd being very great in those days , and not having anything they may eat , Jesus , calling His disciples near , said to them ,
And , behold , Zadok also came , and all the Levites with him , bearing the ark of the covenant of God . And they set the ark of God down . And Abiathar went up until all the people finished passing on out of the city .
And the sun was darkened , and the veil of the Holy Place was torn in the middle .
Remember Abraham , Isaac , and Israel , Your servants to whom You swore by Yourself , and You spoke to them , I will multiply your seed like the stars of the heavens , and all this land which I have said , I will give to your seed . And they shall possess it forever .

And He saw them being distressed in the rowing , for the wind was contrary to them . And it was about the fourth watch of the night when He came toward them , walking on the sea . And He willed to go by them .
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all . Amen .

A Psalm of David . The earth is Jehovah's , and the fullness of it ; the world , and those who live in it .

Let us rise up early to the vineyards ; let us see if the vine flowers and the blossom opens , and the pomegranates bud forth . There I will give my loves to You .
because they did not meet the sons of Israel with bread and water , but hired Balaam against them to curse them . But our God turned the curse to a blessing .
And Abraham said , My son , God will see to the lamb for Himself , for a burnt offering . And the two of them went together .
But Peter kept on knocking . And opening , they saw him and were amazed .
And the sons of Tola : Uzzi , and Rephaiah , and Jeriel , and Jahmai , and Jibsam , and Shemuel , heads of their fathers' house , these to Tola , great men of might to their generations . Their number in the days of David was twenty two thousand . six hundred ,
And they fell on their faces , and said , O God , God of the spirits of all flesh ; shall one man sin , and will You be angry with all the congregation ?
And in Your majesty's greatness You pull down those rising up against You ; You send forth Your wrath ; it consumes them like stubble .

And seeing that nothing is gained , but rather an uproar occurs , taking water , Pilate washed his hands before the crowd , saying , I am innocent of the blood of this just one ; you will see .
And Jacob took for himself white rods of a fresh tree , and the almond and plane tree . And he peeled white stripes in them , laying bare the white on the rods .
For so says the Lord Jehovah : When I shall make you a ruined city , like the cities that do not have dwellers , when I shall bring up on you the deep and great waters shall cover you .
and Solomon did evil in the sight of Jehovah , and did not go fully after Jehovah like his father David .
But God is faithful , that our word to you did not become yes and no .
And the service was prepared , and the priests stood in their place , and the Levites in their courses , according to the command of the king .
not boasting beyond measure in the labors of others , but having hope that the growing faith among you will be made larger according to our rule , to overflowing ,
And you shall not profane My holy name , and I shall be counted holy among the sons of Israel ; I am Jehovah , who is sanctifying you ,
A city is lifted up by the blessing of the upright , but by the wicked's mouth it is overthrown .
And the king's servants said to the king , According to all that my lord the king desires , behold , your servants will do .
And he had a young and handsome son , and his name was Saul . And there was not a man among the sons of Israel more handsome than he , being taller than any of the people from his shoulder and upward .
In them the king gave to the Jews in every single city the right to assemble , and to stand for their life , to destroy , to kill , and to cause to perish , all the power of the people and province , the ones compressing them , little ones and women , and to take what they owned for a prize ,
But a man that is righteous and does what is just and right ,
And Jehovah said to Moses , Say to the sons of Israel , You are a stiffnecked people ; in one instant I will go up among you and I will consume you . And now lay off from you your ornaments , that I may know what I shall do to you .


And captured all these kings in their land at one time , for Jehovah the God of Israel fought for Israel .
Work may be done six days and on the seventh day it shall be holy to you , a sabbath of rest to Jehovah ; everyone doing work in it shall be put to death .

Then call , and I will answer ; or let me speak , and reply to me .
the king , the ruler of peoples , sent and released him ; even set him free ;
Behold , he shall come up like clouds , and his chariots like a tempest . His horses are swifter than eagles . Woe to us , for we are plundered !
And Aaron's son Eleazar took of the daughters of Putiel for his wife . And she bore to him Phinehas . These were the heads of the fathers of the Levites by their families .
I have pursued my enemies and destroyed them ; and I did not turn until they were consumed .
And seeing that she was not hidden , the woman came trembling and kneeled down before Him and told Him before all the people for what reason she touched Him , and how she was instantly cured .
Our help is in the name of Jehovah , the Maker of the heavens and earth .
Shall I wait because they do not speak , because they stand , not answering again ?
Shall they not teach you , and tell you , and bring words out of their heart ?
And Hadad died , and Samlah from Masrekah reigned in his place .
I do not speak to condemnation , for I have said before that you are in our hearts , for us to die together and to live together .
And I will put My vengeance on Edom by the hand of My people Israel . And they shall do in Edom as is My anger and as is My fury . And they shall know My vengeance , declares the Lord Jehovah .
All go to one place ; all are of the dust , and all return to the dust .

And they had for their inheritance , Beersheba , and Sheba , and Moladah ,
And it yields much increase to the kings whom You have set over us because of our sinning . And they rule over our bodies , and over our cattle , at their pleasure ; and we are in great distress .
And God is able to make all grace to abound toward you , that in everything , always having all self sufficiency , you may abound to every good work ;
Your words have been strong against Me , says Jehovah . Yet you say , What have we spoken against you ?
The fifteenth to Jeremoth , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
And a man of worthlessness happened to be there , and his name was Sheba , the son of Bichri , a man of Benjamin . And he blew the ram's horn and said , We have no part in David , and we have no inheritance in the son of Jesse . Each man to his tents , O Israel .

And having been set free from sin , you were enslaved to righteousness .
But seeing the strong wind , he was afraid , and beginning to sink , he cried out , saying , Lord , save me !
And your sons shall be shepherds in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your fornications until your carcases are wasted in the wilderness ;
to them alone the land was given ; and no alien passed among them .
And one cherub stretched out his hand from between the cherubs , to the fire between the cherubs . And he lifted and put it into the hands of the one clothed with linen . And he took it and went out .
And Saul said , All leaders of the people draw near here , and know and see how this sin has happened today .
know certainly that Jehovah your God shall not continue to expel these nations from before you , and they shall be snares and traps to you , and scourges in your sides , and thorns in your eyes , until you perish from this good land which Jehovah your God has given you .
Every flying swarming creature going on all four , it is an abomination to you .
coming to you , as also in all the world , and it is bearing fruit even also among you , from the day in which you heard and knew the grace of God in truth ;
You are of the Devil as father , and the lusts of your father you desire to do . That one was a murderer from the beginning , and he has not stood in the truth , because there is no truth in him . When he speaks a lie , he speaks from his own , because he is a liar , and the father of it .
All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the sons of Israel were forty eight cities and their open land .
The burden of Moab : Because in a night Ar of Moab is laid waste ; it is cut off ; because in a night Kir of Moab is laid waste ; it is cut off .
They come from a distant land , from the end of the heavens , Jehovah and the weapons of His wrath , to destroy all the land .
And call no one your father on earth , for One is your Father , the One in Heaven .
All things are lawful to me , but not all things profit . All things are lawful to me , but not all things build up .
And this is the witness : that God gave us everlasting life , and this life is in His Son .
But Mary stood outside at the tomb , weeping . Then as she wept , she stooped down into the tomb .
And you , if you have turned aside under your husband , and if you have been defiled , and any man besides your husband has given his semen to you ,
Go out of Babylon ; flee from the Chaldeans . Tell this with the voice of rejoicing ; let this be heard , let it go out to the end of the earth ; say , Jehovah has redeemed His servant Jacob .
For you trusted in your evil ; you said , No one sees me . Your wisdom and your knowledge perverts you , and you said in your heart , I am and none else is .
Will he cut a covenant with you ; will you take him for a slave forever ?
And when the seventh month had come , and the sons of Israel were in the cities , the people assembled as one man to Jerusalem .
And the sons of Becher : Zemira , and Joash , and Eliezer , and Elioenai , and Omri , and Jerimoth , and Abiah , and Anathoth , and Alameth . All these are the sons of Becher .
To the chief musician , to Jeduthun . A Psalm of David . I said , I will keep my ways from sinning with my tongue ; I will keep my mouth with a muzzle while the wicked are before me .

From the city of Heshbon to Elealeh , to Jahaz , they have given their voice , from Zoar to Horonaim , like a heifer three years old . For the waters of Nimrim also shall be desolate .
On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim , according to their armies ; the ruler of the sons of Ephraim being Elishama the son of Ammihud .
There they cry , but He does not answer , because of the pride of evildoers .
Will your eyes fly on it ? And it is not ! For surely it makes wings for itself , it flies into the heavens like an eagle .
And Jacob did not send Benjamin , Joseph's brother , with his brothers , for he said , Lest harm happen to him .
And he sent his slave at the supper hour to say to those who had been invited , Come , for now all is ready .
Ah , Lord Jehovah ! You have made the heavens and the earth by Your great power and Your outstretched arm ; not any thing is too difficult for You ,
But to the wicked , God says , What is it to you to proclaim My statutes , and to take up My covenant on your mouth ?
Then the word of Jehovah came to me , saying ,
And Hezekiah did this in all Judah , and did the good and the right and true before Jehovah his God .
You are my hiding place ; You preserve me from trouble ; You surround me with songs of deliverance . Selah .
Can you send lightnings , that they may go and say to you , Here we are ?

And he shall bring them in to the priest on the eighth day for his cleansing , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , before Jehovah .

Meshezabeel , Zadok , Jaddua ,
And at that time it happened that Jeroboam had gone out from Jerusalem , and Ahijah the Shilonite , the prophet , found him in the way . And he covered himself with a new garment , and both of them were by themselves in a field .
And the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat , and his might that he showed , and how he warred , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
For even as the Father raises the dead , and gives life , so also the Son gives life to whomever He wills .
and the cover of rams' skins dyed red , and the cover of dugong skins , and the veil of the covering ,
Count from a son of twenty years and upward , as Jehovah commanded Moses and the sons of Israel , who went forth out of the land of Egypt .

But my eyes are on You , O Jehovah , my Lord ; in You I take refuge ; do not make my soul naked .
Do not say , I will repay evil ; wait on Jehovah , and He will save you .
And Eber lived thirty four years and fathered Peleg .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And sent them away , and they went to the ambush , and stayed between Bethel and Ai , on the west of Ai . And remained that night in the midst of the people .
But you know the proof of him , that as a child to a father , he served with me for the gospel .
Will you also set aside My judgment ; will you condemn Me so that you may be justified ?
All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities and their open land .
But if you have understanding , hear this ; listen to the sound of my words :
And if anyone desires to harm them , fire comes out of their mouth and devours their enemies . And if anyone desires to harm them , so it is right for him to be killed .
Speak to Aaron and to his sons , saying , This is the law of the sin offering : In the place where the burnt offering is killed , the sin offering shall be killed before Jehovah . It is most holy .
Before their face , the people shall be pained ; all faces collect heat .
And the sons of Israel said to Samuel , Do not cease to cry to Jehovah our God for us , that He save us out of the hand of the Philistines .
And He said to me , Son of man , have you seen what the elders of the house of Israel are doing in the dark , each man in the rooms of his image ? For they are saying , Jehovah does not see us , Jehovah has forsaken the earth .
But the sons of Hassenaah built the Fish Gate , who laid its beams , and set up its doors , its locks and its bars .
And if it is at all eaten on the third day , it is unclean ; it shall not be accepted .
And My hand shall be against the prophets who see vanity , and who divine a lie . They shall not be in the council of My people , and they shall not be written in the writing of the house of Israel , and they shall not enter into the land of Israel . And you shall know that I am the Lord Jehovah .
In the day of my distress I sought the Lord ; my hand was open in the night and did not grow numb ; my soul refused to be comforted .
Then again they sought to seize Him . And He went forth out of their hand .
A horse is a vain thing for safety ; nor does he save by his great strength .
The traders among the peoples hiss over you ; you have become terrors . And until forever you shall not be .
Then they , having been assembled , Pilate said to them , Whom do you wish I may release to you , Barabbas , or Jesus called Christ ?
But I intend to remind you , you once knowing these things , that the Lord having saved a people out of the land of Egypt , in the second place destroyed the ones not believing .
When a man shall take hold of his brother , at his father's house , saying , A cloak ! Come , you be a ruler for is ; let this ruin be under your hand .
then He saw it , and declared it ; He prepared it , and He also searched it out .
Yet they sinned still more against Him , to provoke the Most High in the desert .
Take from Heldai , from Tobijah , and from Jedaiah , from the exiles who have come from Babylon ; and in that day you go and enter into the house of Josiah , the son of Zephaniah .
Who will bring any charge against God's elect ? God is the One justifying !
And David gathered all Israel , from Shihor of Egypt even to the entering in of Hamath , to bring in the ark of God from Kirjath-jearim .
And now , come , please let me counsel you with counsel , and save your life , and the life of your son Solomon .
Indeed , then , this one bought a field out of the reward of unrighteousness ; and falling headlong , he burst in the middle , and poured out all his bowels .
And he was not able to return a word to Abner any more , because he feared him .
And their border went up toward the sea , and Maralah , and reached to Dabbasheth , and reached to the torrent in front of Jokneam ,
Each one as he purposes in his heart , not out of grief or out of necessity , for God loves a cheerful giver .
For He has looked down from the height of His sanctuary ; Jehovah looked from Heaven to the earth ;
For " He subjected all things under His feet ; " but when He says that all things have been subjected , it is plain that it excepts Him who has subjected all things to Him .
for him no longer to live in the lusts of men , but to live the remaining time in the flesh in the will of God .
And a man shall not go up with you . And also let no man be seen on all the mountain . Also do not allow the flocks and the herds to feed before that mountain .
And to each one is given the showing forth of the Spirit to our profit .
Israel , though you fornicate , do not let Judah become guilty . And do not come to Gilgal , nor go up to Beth-aven , nor swear , As Jehovah lives .
O earth , do not cover my blood , and let not my cry have a place .
And if one overthrows him , two shall withstand him ; and a threefold cord is not quickly torn apart .
Remember , O Jehovah , Your compassions and Your mercies ; for they are from eternity .
And Absalom said , If not , please let my brother Amnon go with us . And the king said to him , Why should he go with you ?
And Saul said , Now hear , son of Ahitub . And he said , I am here , my lord .
For her house leads down to death , and her tracks to the departed spirits .
He who guards his mouth keeps his life ; he who opens his lips wide is ruined .
And He said to them , Why are you afraid , little-faiths ? Then rising up , He rebuked the winds and the sea . And there was a great calm .
Also , take " the helmet of salvation , " and the sword of the Spirit which is the Word of God and
And in that day you will ask Me nothing . Truly , truly , I say to you , Whatever you shall ask the Father in My name , He will give you .
He built Elath and restored it to Judah after the king slept with his fathers .
And I will make him My first-born , higher than the kings of the earth .
And now , give to me this mountain , of which Jehovah spoke in that day , for you heard in that day how the son of Anak were there , and great walled cities . If Jehovah shall be with me , then I shall expel them , as Jehovah has spoken .

And I will come near to you for judgment ; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers , and against the adulterers , and against those swearing to a lie ; and against those who extort from the hired laborer's pay ; and turning away the widow , and the fatherless , and the alien , and not fearing Me , says Jehovah of hosts .
And I prayed to Jehovah my God . and made my confession , saying , O Lord , the great and awesome God , keeping the covenant and mercy of those who love Him , and to those who keep His commandments ,
And so he did year by year , as often as she went up to the house of Jehovah , so she provoked her . And she wept , and did not eat .
then he shall shave himself , but he shall not shave the scab . And the priest shall shut up the one who has the scab a second seven days .
and Jehud , and Beneberak , and Gath-rimmon ,
As I live , says the Lord Jehovah , Surely with a mighty hand , and with an outstretched arm , and with fury poured out , I will reign over you .
And you shall do no work in this same day , for it is a day of atonement , to atone for you before Jehovah your God .
Fathers , I have written to you because you have known Him from the beginning . I have written to you , young men , because you are strong , and the word of God abides in you , and you have overcome the evil one .
A rich man is wise in his own eyes , but the discerning poor searches him out .
Because of this , I was angry with that generation and said , They always go astray in heart ; and they did not know My ways ;
And God sent an angel to Jerusalem to destroy it . And as he was destroying , Jehovah saw , and repented as to the evil , and said to the destroying angel , Enough ! Now stay your hand . And the angel of Jehovah stood by the threshing-floor of Ornan the Jebusite .
A good tree cannot produce evil fruits , nor a corrupt tree produce good fruits .
But sin taking occasion through the commandment worked every lust in me ; for apart from law , sin is dead .
For His anger is only a moment ; in His favor is life . Weeping may endure in the evening , but joy comes in the morning .
In every case of trespass , for ox , for ass , for sheep , for clothing , for anything lost of which it is said that it is his , the case of both of them shall come to God . Whom God declares guilty , he shall repay double to his neighbor .
And at the death of the judge , it happened that they would turn and act more corruptly than their fathers , to go after other gods , to serve them , and to bow themselves to them . And they did not fall away from their own doings , and from their stubborn way .
And Asa had an army bearing bucklers and spears three hundred thousand out of Judah , and two hundred eighty thousand out of Benjamin , bearing shields and drawing bows ; all these were mighty men of valor .
As I have seen , the ones who plow iniquity and sow misery reap the same .
But now I will not be to the remnant of this people as in former days , says Jehovah of hosts .

And Leah conceived and bore a son . And she called his name Reuben ; for she said , Surely Jehovah has looked on my affliction , for now my husband will love me .
And the sons of Joseph spoke with Joshua , saying , Why have you given to me one lot and one portion as an inheritance , since I am a numerous people ? For Jehovah has blessed me until now .
And in the eleventh year of Jehoram the son of Ahab , Ahaziah reigned over Judah .
Go ! And standing in the temple , speak to the people all the words of this Life .
Do not hide Your face from me ; Do not turn away Your servant in anger ; You have been my help , do not leave me nor forsake me , O God of my salvation .
Shall one who hates justice restrain it ? Or will you condemn a righteous , mighty one ;

And , behold ! The glory of the God of Israel was there , like the appearance which I saw in the plain .
the sons of Neziah , the sons of Hatipha .
And Jesus , the one being called Justus , those being of the circumcision , greet you , these only fellow workers for the kingdom of God , who became a comfort to me .
And the Levites appointed Heman the son of Joel ; and of his brothers , Asaph the son of Berechiah ; and of the sons of Merari , their brothers , Ethan the son of Kushaiah .
let your heart therefore be perfect with Jehovah our God , to walk in His statutes , and to keep His commandments , as at this day .
Is this not that in which my lord is accustomed to drink , and he surely divines by it ? You have done evil in what you have done .
You gave Me no kiss , but she from when I entered did not stop fervently kissing My feet .
And the blood shall be a sign to you , on the houses where you are . And I will see the blood , and I will pass over you . And the plague shall not be on you to destroy , when I strike in the land of Egypt .
And they came to Jerusalem . And entering into the temple , Jesus began to throw out those selling and buying in the temple ; also He overturned the tables of the money changers and the seats of those selling the doves .
For even if some are called gods , either in the heavens or on the earth ; ( even as there are many gods , and many lords ) ;
Beyond this I entreated the Lord three times , that it depart from me .
I have spoken these things to you , abiding with you ;
And instantly it was as if scales fell away from his eyes . And rising up at the thing happening , he was baptized .
But that you may know that the Son of man has authority to forgive sins on the earth , He said to the paralytic ,

Son of man , when the house of Israel dwelt on their land , they even defiled it by their ways and by their doings . As the defilement of woman's impurity , their way was before Me
Do you not remember that I told you these things , I yet being with you ?
He may flee from the iron weapon , a bow of bronze shall pierce him .
and now turn away from the strange gods among you , and incline your heart to Jehovah the God of Israel .
For they were about five thousand men . But He said to His disciples , Make them recline in groups , by fifties .
As I live , says the king whose name is Jehovah of Hosts , Surely as Tabor is among the mountains , and as Carmel is by the sea , he shall come .

And it shall be , whoever will not go up from the families of the earth to Jerusalem to worship the King , Jehovah of hosts , there shall even be no rain on them .
And you shall say , So says the king . Put this one in prison and cause him to eat the bread of pain , and the water of pain , until my return in peace .
And when he sheared his head ( for it was at the end of days of days that he sheared it , because the hair was heavy on him , and he sheared it ) , he weighed the hair of his head at two hundred shekels by the king's weight .
So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah .
And the sons of Midian : Ephah and Epher , and Henoch , and Abida , and Eldaah . All these are the sons of Keturah .

And Jehovah said , I have certainly seen the affliction of My people who are in Egypt , and I have heard their cry from before their slave-drivers ; for I know his sorrows .
And these were the generations of Esau , the father of Edom on Mount Seir ;
the tabernacle , its tent , and its cover , its hooks , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
But I know your sitting down , and your going out , and your coming in , and your raging against Me .
And each woman shall ask of her neighbor , and from the stranger in her house , articles of silver , and articles of gold , and garments ; and you shall put these on your sons and on your daughters And you shall plunder Egypt .
Then , because the king's command was urgent , and the furnace exceedingly hot , the flame of the fire killed those men who took up Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego .
but if you will go , do it ; be strong for battle ; God shall make you fall before the enemy , for God has power to help , and to cause to stumble .
And Moses went and returned to his father-in-law Jethro , and said to him , Please let me go and return to my brothers who are in Egypt , and see whether they are still alive . And Jethro said to Moses , Go in peace .
Your throne is established from then ; You are from everlasting .
So Jehovah visited Hannah , and she conceived and bore three sons and two daughters . And the boy Samuel grew up with Jehovah .
And Solomon had brought up Pharaoh's daughter from the city of David to the house that he had built for her . For he said , My wife shall not live in the house of David the king of Israel , for they are holy , to whom the ark of Jehovah has come .
When you go out to battle against your enemies , and see horses and chariots , a people more than you , you shall not be afraid of them . For Jehovah your God is with you , who brought you up out of the land of Egypt .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
for they could not bear the thing enjoined : " Even " " if a beast " " touches the mountain , it will be stoned , or shot through " with a dart .
And it happened at noon , that Elijah taunted them and said , Call with a loud voice , for he is a god ; for he is meditating , or pursuing , or on a journey ; it may be he is asleep and must be awakened .

But if the watchman sees the sword coming and does not blow the ram's horn , and the people are not warned , and the sword comes and takes a soul from them , he is taken in his iniquity . But I will require his blood from the watchman's hand .
And seventy sons were born to Gideon , coming out of his loins ; for he had many wives .
and above all things having fervent love to yourselves , " because love will cover a multitude of sins . "
And if anyone says anything to you , you shall say , The Lord has need of them . And he will send them at once .
save yourself and come down from the cross .
Your eyes shall look on strange women , and your heart shall speak perverse things ;
And seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to Jehovah , seven bulls and seven rams , without blemish , daily for the seven days , and for a sin offering a kid of the goats daily .
But if anyone does not know to rule his own house , how will he care for a church of God ?
So , behold , the days come , says Jehovah , that this place shall be no more called Tophet , or the valley of the son of Hinnom , but Valley of Slaughter .
Ezri the son of Chelub was over those who did the work of the field for working the ground .
None of you shall draw near to any relative of his flesh to uncover their nakedness ; I am Jehovah .
And Abijah lay with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of David . And his son Asa reigned in his place . In his days the land was quiet ten years .
Behold , we are slaves today , even the land that You gave to our fathers to eat its fruit and its good , behold , we are slaves in it .
and as a word to say , through Abraham Levi also , the one receiving tithes , has been tithed .
While I live I will praise Jehovah ; I will sing praises to my God while I have being .
but an ox or sheep , it and its young one , you shall not slaughter in one day .
And the greater house he covered with cypress wood , and he covered it with good gold , and caused to go on it palms and chains .
in order to preach the gospel to that beyond you , not to boast in another's rule in things ready .

doing nothing according to party spirit or self-glory , but in humility , esteeming one another to surpass themselves ;
He sits alone and is silent , for He laid it on him .
Woe to you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites ! For you cleanse the outside of the cup and of the dish , but within they are full of robbery and excess .
And this is the manner of the release : Everyone who has a loan to his neighbor shall release it ; he shall not exact it of his neighbor and his brother , because a release has been proclaimed for Jehovah .

And the leaders of Israel and the king were humbled . And they said , Jehovah is righteous .
The refining pot tries silver , and the furnace tries gold , but a man is tried by the mouth of his praise .
But whom He predestinated , these He also called ; and whom He called , these He also justified ; but whom He justified , these He also glorified .
And in the twelfth month , that is the month Adar , on the thirteenth day of the same , when the king's command and his order came to be done , in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to take power over them ( though it was turned around , so that the Jews ruled , they over the ones hating them ) ,


As for me , behold , I am in your hands ; do with me as seems good and right to you .
For this reason , so says Jehovah concerning the men of Anathoth who seek your life , saying , Do not prophesy in the name of Jehovah , that you do not die by our hand .
Then falling down , the slave bowed the knee to him , saying , Lord , have patience with me , and I will pay all to you .
Behold ! I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling to all the peoples all around , and it shall also be against Judah in the siege against Jerusalem .
O Israel , you are destroyed , but your help is in Me .

Then the king was enraged and angered . And he commanded all the wise men of Babylon to be destroyed .
Lift the heads of all the congregation of the sons of Israel , from twenty years old and upward , throughout their fathers' house , all that are able to go to war in Israel .
He was in the world , and the world came into being through Him , yet the world did not know Him .
And say to Archippus , Look to the ministry which you received in the Lord , that you may fulfill it .
And the west side is the Great Sea from the border until beside the entrance of Hamath ; this is the west side .
And Jacob said to Laban , Give my wife , for my days are completed . And let me go in to her .
And Nadab and Abihu , the sons of Aaron , each took his censer and put fire in them ; and they put incense on it and brought strange fire before Jehovah , which He had not commanded them .
You shall say , Your servants have been men of livestock from our youth even until now , both we and our fathers . This is so that you may live in the land of Goshen . For the abomination of Egypt is every shepherd of flocks .
And I will cut off all the horns of the wicked ; but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
And the sons of Israel took the women of Midian captive , and their infants , and all their livestock , and all their purchased things . And they plundered all their wealth .
And all the days of Enoch were three hundred and sixty five years .
And Jacob asked and said , Please reveal Your name . And He said , Why this that you ask about My name ? And He blessed him there .
But the sons rebelled against Me . They did not walk in My statutes , and they did not keep My judgments , to do them , which if a man does them , he shall live by them . They profaned My sabbaths . Then I said I would pour out My fury on them , to fulfill My anger against them in the wilderness .
He who oppresses the poor curses his Maker , but he who honors Him has mercy on the needy .
He loving strife loves rebellion , he who exalts his door seeks shattering .

And Ahab said to Elijah , Have you found me , O my enemy ? And he said , I have found you , because you have sold yourself to do that which is evil in the eyes of Jehovah .
And Jehovah heard the sound of your words and was angry , and swore , saying ,
And a great cry shall be in all the land of Egypt , such as never has been , and nothing like it shall be again .
And I brought him to Your disciples , and they were not able to heal him .
O Jehovah , what is man that You know him ; the son of man , that you esteem him ?
All who serve graven images are shamed , those who boast themselves in idols ; all gods bow down before Him .

And he prepared the Holy of Holies in the middle of the house , to place the ark of the covenant of Jehovah there .
But the eyes of the wicked shall be consumed , and escape shall perish from them ; and their hope shall be like the breathing out of the soul .
when they were a few men of number ; very few , and strangers in it .
Or does not nature herself teach you that if a man indeed wears long hair , it is a dishonor to him ?
And certain of them were over the vessels of service , for they brought them by number ; and they took them out by number .

I will also thank You with a harp , O my God ; I will sing Your truth ; I will sing to You with the lyre , O Holy One of Israel .
A bribe is a precious stone in the eyes of him who possesses it ; everywhere he turns , he is prudent .
But if the unbelieving one separates , let them be separated ; the brother or the sister is not in bondage in such matters ; but God has called us in peace .
Then the trees of the forest will sing out before Jehovah , for He has come to judge the earth .
In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and six months ; and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty three years over all Israel and Judah .
And Jehovah saw that he turned aside to see , and God called to him from the midst of the thorn bush , and said , Moses ! Moses ! And he said , Behold me .
And the word of Jehovah was to the second time , while he was still shut up in the court of the guard , saying ,
For it is clear that our Lord has risen out of Judah , as to which tribe Moses spoke nothing concerning priesthood .
To the chief musician , on eight . A Psalm of David . Help , O Jehovah , for the saint ceases to be ; for the faithful fail from among the sons of men .
And I will sow them among the peoples , and they shall remember Me in far countries , and they shall live with their sons and return .
And the men of Sodom were evil and sinners before Jehovah , exceedingly so .
And the seven angels having the seven plagues came forth out of the temple , having been clothed in clean and bright linen , and golden bands having been girded around the breasts .
But if there is not a resurrection of the dead , neither has Christ been raised .
This is the meaning , O king , and this the decree of the Most High , which has come on my lord the king :
And knowing from the centurion , he granted the body to Joseph .
And a great sign was seen in the heavens , a woman having been clothed with the sun , and the moon was underneath her feet ; and on her head a crown of twelve stars ;
We looked for peace , but no good came ; for a time of healing , but , behold , terror !
and it was counted to him for righteousness to generation and generation , forever .

And they broke down the pillar of Baal , and broke down the house of Baal , and made it an outhouse to this day .

And Isaac went from there and camped in Gerar Valley , and lived there .
As they came into the tabernacle of the congregation , and as they drew near to the altar , they would wash , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
One shall make it of a talent of pure gold , with all these vessels .
And He called a famine on the land ; He broke the whole staff of bread .
And his servants came near and spoke to him , and said , My father , if the prophet had spoken a great thing to you would you not do it ? How much rather then when he says to you , Wash , and be clean ?
The time has come , the day has arrived . Do not let the buyer rejoice , and do not let the sellers mourn , for wrath is on all her multitude .
And made a covenant with the people on that day , and laid on them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem .
And when men fight , and they strike a pregnant woman , and her child goes forth , and there is no injury , surely he shall be fined . As much as the husband of the woman shall put on him , even he shall give through the judges .
Look out for the dogs , look out for the evil workers , look out for the concision party .
And because of this He is Mediator of a new covenant , so that , death having occurred for redemption of transgressions under the first covenant , those having been called out might receive the promise of the everlasting inheritance .
For this cause I left you in Crete , that you might set in order the things lacking and appoint elders in every city , as I ordered you :

And he will go out before Him in the spirit and power of Elijah " to turn the hearts of fathers to their children , " and disobedient ones to the wisdom of the just , to make ready a people having been prepared for the Lord .
As to the porch on the front , the length , according to the breadth of the house in front , was twenty cubits , and the height a hundred and twenty ; and he overlaid it inside with pure gold .
But as they were seeking to kill him , a report came up to the chiliarch of the cohort , that all Jerusalem is in a tumult .
even we being dead in sins , He made us alive together with Christ ( by grace you are being saved ) ,
Does He not see my ways and count all my steps ?

One draws it , and treads it from behind , even lightning from his gall ; terror is upon him .
And he said , I have seen all Israel scattered on the hills like sheep that have no shepherd . And Jehovah said , These have no ruler ; they shall each return to his house in peace .
And all these servants of yours will come down to me , and bow to me , saying , Go out , you and all the people at your feet . And afterward I will go out . And he went out from Pharaoh in the heat of anger .
who examining me were of a mind to let me go , because no cause of death was in me .
who being the shining splendor of His glory , and the express image of His essence , and upholding all things by the word of His power , having made purification of our sins through Himself , He sat down on the right of the Majesty on high ,
For if we are willfully sinning after receiving the full knowledge of the truth , there remains no more sacrifice concerning sins ,
And Moses was a son of a hundred and twenty years at his death ; his eye had not become dim , nor had his natural force abated .
The leech has two daughters crying , Give ! Give ! Three things are not satisfied , four never have said , Enough !
And it was after the seven days , the waters of the flood came into being on the earth .
And the prophet who brought him back out of the way heard and said , It is the man of God who provoked the mouth of Jehovah , and Jehovah gave him to the lion , and it tore him apart and killed him , according to the word of Jehovah that He spoke to him .
I will go down and see if they have at all done according to the cry coming to Me . And if not , I will know .
Then those fearing Jehovah spoke together , each man to his neighbor . And Jehovah gave attention and heard . And a Book of Remembrance was written before Him for those who feared Jehovah , and for those esteeming His name .
And Samuel answered Saul and said , I am the seer . Go up before me into the high place , and you shall eat with me today . And I will send you away in the morning , and all that is in your heart , I will declare to you .

And it happened when they saw him , they took thirty companions , and they were with him .
And I have put My words in your mouth , and covered you in the shade of My hand , to plant the heavens and found the earth , and to say to Zion , You are My people .
One judgment shall be for you whether an alien or a native ; for I am Jehovah your God .
And he measured its wall , a hundred and forty four cubits , a measure of a man , which is of an angel .
For before those days there was no payment for man , nor was there payment for animal ; and there was no peace to him from the adversary who went out or came in . For I sent every man , a man against his neighbor .
And I have led you forty years in the wilderness ; your garments have not worn out from off you , and your sandal has not worn away off your foot .
For if anyone sees you , the one having knowledge , sitting in an idol-temple , will not the weak one's conscience be lifted up so as to eat things sacrificed to idols ?
For what is our hope , or joy , or crown of glorying ? Are you not even to be before our Lord Jesus Christ at His coming ?
Make an ark of cyprus timbers for yourself . You shall make rooms in the ark ; and you shall cover it with asphalt inside and out .
You shall seek them and shall not find them ; men of your strife shall be as nothing , even men of your battle as ceasing .
I will make you ruins forever , and your cities shall not be inhabited . And you shall know that I am Jehovah .
And they did so , and brought out to him these five kings from the cave , the king of Jerusalem , the king of Hebron , the king of Jarmuth , the king of Lachish , the king of Eglon .
On account of this they called these days Purim , after the name of Pur . For on account of this all the words of this letter , and what they saw concerning this matter , and what had touched them ,

He has said in his heart , I shall not be moved ! From generation to generation never will I be in evil .
And they came into the fortress of Tyre , and all the cities of the Hivite , and of the Canaanite . And they went out to the south of Judah , to Beersheba .
For so says Jehovah concerning the sons and concerning the daughters who are born in this place , and concerning their mothers who bore them , and concerning their fathers who fathered them in this land :

And Moses said to Jehovah , The people are not able to come up to the mountain of Sinai . For You warned us , saying , Set limits to the mountain and sanctify it .
And answered and said :
But Simon having seen that the Holy Spirit is given through the laying on of the hands of the apostles , he offered them money ,
God knows its way , and He knows its place .
What advantage has he who works in that in which he labors ?
Her uncleanness is in her skirts . She did not remember her end and has gone down astoundingly . She had no comforter . O Jehovah , behold my affliction , for the enemy has magnified himself .
Likewise , husbands , dwelling together according to knowledge , as with a weaker vessel , the female , bestowing honor , as truly being co-heirs of the grace of life , not cutting off your prayers .
And you shall rejoice in your feast , you and your son , and your daughter , and your male slave , and your slave-girl , and the Levite , and the alien , and the fatherless , and the widow that are inside your gates .
I , I am Jehovah ; and there is no Savior besides Me .
And the word was good in the eyes of the Lord , that Solomon had asked this thing .
And eye did not have pity on you to do to you one of these , to have compassion on you . But you were thrown into the face of the field , for your person was loathed in the day you were born .
Then I said , Woe is me ! For I am cut off ; for I am a man of unclean lips , and I live amongst a people of unclean lips ; for my eyes have seen the King , Jehovah of Hosts .
And they were double from below , and in like manner they were complete to its top , to the first ring . So he did to both of them , for the two corners .

From there they pulled up and camped beyond Arnon , which is in the wilderness that comes out of the border of the Amorite ; for Arnon is the border of Moab , between Moab and the Amorite ;
For the sin of their mouth is the word of their lips , even let them be captured in their pride , and for cursing and the lying which they utter .
Therefore , watch , for you do not know the day nor the hour in which the Son of man comes .
And Jehovah showed me four craftsmen .
If anyone teaches differently , and does not consent to sound words , those of our Lord Jesus Christ and the doctrine according to godliness ,
and all the earth was seeking the presence of Solomon , to hear his wisdom that God had put into his heart ;
And he made loops of blue on the edge of the one curtain , from the end to the juncture ; so he did at the edge of the last curtain at the second juncture .
And the sons of Zerah : Zimri , and Ethan , and Heman , and Calcol , and Dara ; all of them were five .
For beware wrath , that He not lure you with His scorn ; then a great ransom cannot turn you aside .



Babylon was a golden cup in the hand of Jehovah , making all the earth drunk . The nations have drunk of her wine , therefore the nations rage .
Men , brothers , it was necessary for this Scripture to be fulfilled which the Holy Spirit spoke before by David's mouth concerning Judas , the one having become guide to those seizing Jesus ;

And Mordecai walked to and fro every day in front of the court of the women's house in order to know Esther's welfare , and what would be done with her .
Listen ! Behold , the sower went out to sow .
And all the leaders , and all the people rejoiced ; and they brought in and threw into the chest until it was finished .
Sheol is naked before Him , and the Pit has no covering .
Go and cry in the ears of Jerusalem , saying , So says Jehovah , I remember you , the kindness of your youth , the love of your espousals , your going after Me in the wilderness , in a land not sown .
For He comes up before Him as a tender plant , and as a root out of dry ground . He has no form nor magnificence that we should see Him ; nor form that we should desire Him .

Violence shall not still be heard in your land , or wasting and ruin within your borders ; but you shall call your walls , Salvation , and your gates , Praise .
But , loved ones , even if we indeed speak so , we have been persuaded better things concerning you , even holding fast salvation .
He who restrains his words knows knowledge , and one rare of spirit is a man of understanding .
Enjoin and teach these things .
But he began to curse and to swear , I do not know this man of whom you speak .

who has not eaten on the mountains , and his eyes have not lifted up to the idols of the house of Israel , and has not defiled his neighbor's wife , and has not come near to a menstruating woman ,
And they hurried , and each man took his garment and put it under him on the bare steps , and blew with the ram's horn , and said , Jehu reigns !
And you shall teach them to your sons , and shall speak of them as you sit in your house , and as you walk in the way , and as you are lying down , and as you are rising up .

And I will shatter man and woman with you , and with you I will shatter old and young , and with you I will shatter the young man and the girl .
And it happened afterward , the king of the Ammonites died . And his son Hanun reigned in his place .

and David was not able to go before it to seek God , for he was terrified from the face of the angel of Jehovah .
But even the hairs of your head have all been numbered . Then stop being afraid ; you differ from many sparrows .
three thousand talents of gold , of the gold of Ophir ; and seven thousand talents of refined silver , to overlay the walls of the houses ;
And some of those standing there said to them , What are you doing , untying the colt ?
The memory of the just is blessed , but the name of the wicked shall rot .
For I was ashamed to ask of the king troops and horsemen to help us against the enemy of the way , because we had spoken to the king , saying , The hand of our God is on all those who seek Him for good ; but His power and His wrath are against all those who forsake Him .
And about the ninth hour , Jesus cried out with a loud voice , saying , Eli , Eli , lama sabachthani ; that is , " My God , My God , why did You forsake Me ? "
And I lifted up my eyes and looked . And , behold , two women came out . And the wind was in their wings ; for they had wings like the wings of the stork . And they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heavens .
And He going out onto the land , a certain man out of the city met Him , who had demons from a long time . ( And he put no garment on ; and he did not stay in a house , but among the tombs ) .
And the men of Jabesh said , Tomorrow we will come out to you , and you do to us according to all the good in your eyes .
They have turned back to the iniquities of their forefathers , who refused to hear My words . And they went after other gods to serve them . The house of Israel and the house of Judah have broken My covenant which I cut with their fathers .
with the ungodly , mockers for a cake , gnashing their teeth on me .

And they stood before Moses and Eleazar the priest , and before the rulers and all the congregation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , saying ,
And these shall go away into everlasting punishment , but the righteous into everlasting life .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And Solomon reigned over all the kingdoms from the River to the land of the Philistines , and to the border of Egypt . They brought presents and served Solomon all the days of his life .
And I will put redemption between My people and your people . This miracle shall be for tomorrow .
He is moist before the sun , and his branches shoot forth on his garden .
And Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning . And it was told to Samuel , saying , Saul has come to Carmel . And behold , he has set up a monument to himself , and has gone around , and has passed over and gone down to Gilgal .
All the congregation of Israel shall prepare it .

So Pilate said to Him , Do you not speak to me ? Do you not know that I have authority to crucify you , and I have authority to release you ?
I have heard the murmurings of the sons of Israel . Speak to them , saying , Between the evenings you shall eat flesh ; and in the morning you shall be satisfied with bread ; and you shall know that I am Jehovah your God .
He shall cut off the spirit in princes ; He is feared by the kings of the earth .
At the beginning of your prayers the word came forth , and I have come to explain it . For you are greatly beloved . Then understand the matter and pay attention to the vision :
And , behold , God is with us at our head , and His priests , and the trumpets , the signal to sound for battle against you . O sons of Israel , do not fight with Jehovah , the God of your fathers , for you shall not prosper .
Jehovah has sworn by the Pride of Jacob , Surely I will not ever forget all their works .
He built Eloth , and restored it to Judah , after the king lay with his fathers .
An evil and adulterous generation seeks a sign , and a sign will not be given to it , except the sign of Jonah the prophet . And leaving them , He went away .
And you shall bring near the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation . And you shall assemble all the company of the sons of Israel .
And she said to him , No , for this evil is greater than the other that you have done to me , to send me away . But he was not willing to listen to her .
He shall die without instruction , and in the greatness of his foolishness he shall go astray .
And I will judge him with a plague and with blood , and an overflowing shower , and hailstones . I will rain fire and brimstone on him , and on his bands , and on the many peoples who are with him .
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ .
And I gave my heart to seek and to investigate by wisdom concerning all which is done under the heavens . It is an evil task God has given to the sons of men , to be afflicted by it .


So they remembered that God was their Rock , and the Most High God their Redeemer .
But if all was one member , where would the body be ?
My foot has held fast in His steps ; I have kept His way and have not turned ;
Then indeed having earnestly testified and having spoken the Word of the Lord , they returned to Jerusalem , even having announced the gospel to many villages of the Samaritans .
You shall make for yourself tassels on the four corners of your cloak with which you cover .
And Heshbon and Elealeh shall cry ; their voice shall be heard as far as Jahaz ; so the warriors of Moab shall shout ; his life is broken to him .
and Mejarkon , and Rakkon , with the border before Japho .
You called in distress , and I rescued you ; I answered you in the secret place of thunder ; I tested you at the waters of Meribah . Selah .
And the serpent was cunning above every animal of the field which Jehovah God had made . And he said to the woman , Is it true that God has said , You shall not eat from any tree of the garden ?
Jehovah reigns ; let the peoples tremble ; He sits between the cherubs ; let the earth quake .
and you shall not glean your vineyard , and you shall not gather the leavings of your vineyard ; you shall leave them to the poor and to the alien ; I am Jehovah your God .
If I sin , then You watch me ; and You will not acquit me from my guilt .
And the man called the name of his wife , Eve ; because she became the mother of all living .
Do not think that I came to bring peace on earth . I did not come to bring peace , but a sword .
And when did we see You sick , or in prison , and came to You ?
And the scribes and Pharisees began to reason , saying , Who is this who speaks blasphemies ? Who is able to forgive sins except God alone ?
And Joab said to him , You are not a man of tidings today . But you shall bear tidings another day . And today you shall not bear tidings , because the king's son is dead .
And they shall know that I am Jehovah when I set a fire in Egypt , and all her helpers shall be crushed .
And it happened in the morning , when the food offering was caused to go up , behold , water came by the way of Edom ; and the country was filled with water .
But stop rejoicing in this , that the evil spirits submit to you . But rather rejoice that your names are written in Heaven .

And it happened , as he came near to the camp and saw the calf and dances , the anger of Moses glowed . And he threw the tablets from his hands , and he broke them below the mountain .
Rise up , go to Zarephath that belongs to Sidon ; and you shall live there . Behold , I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain you .

Consider the ravens , for they do not sow , nor do they reap ; to which there is no storehouse or barn , and God feeds them . How much rather you differ from the birds !
And the king returned and came in to the Jordan . And Judah had come to Gilgal , to go to meet the king , to bring the king over the Jordan .
But Herod the king having heard this , he was troubled and all Jerusalem with him .
earnestly testifying both to Jews and to Greeks repentance toward God and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ .
The increase of his house shall depart , flowing away in the day of His wrath .
Please let Your mercy be for my comfort , by Your word to Your servant .
These are the two olive trees , and the two lampstands , standing before the God of the earth .

And the people took up their dough before it was leavened , their kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothing on their shoulders .
And having humiliated Him with his soldiery , and mocking Him by putting around Him luxurious clothing , Herod sent Him back to Pilate .
Then He said to me , Prophesy to the Spirit . Prophesy , son of man , and say to the Spirit , So says the Lord Jehovah : Come from the four winds , O Spirit , and breathe on these slain ones , that they may live .
How the Lord has clouded over the daughter of Zion in His anger ! He cast the beauty of Israel down from the heavens to the earth , and did not remember His footstool in the day of His wrath .
This one was not assenting to their counsel and deed ( he was from Arimathea , a city of the Jews ) , and who himself was eagerly expecting the kingdom of God ,
And their dwelling was from Mesha , as you go to Sephar , an eastern mountain .
He is not here , but was raised . Remember how He spoke to you , yet being in Galilee ,
Then Belshazzar commanded , and they clothed with purple , and a necklace of gold around his neck . And they made a proclamation concerning him , that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom .

the son of Methuselah , the son of Enoch , the son of Jared , the son of Mahalaleel , the son of Cainan ;
But man dies and is cut off , and man expires ; and where is he ?
And Pharaoh's servants said to him , How long shall this one be a snare to us ? Send away the men that they may serve Jehovah their God . Do you not yet know that Egypt is perishing ?
And what more can David say to You . And You know Your servant , O Lord Jehovah .
A Psalm of David , when he changed his behavior before Abimelech ; and he drove him away , and he went . I will bless Jehovah at all times ; His praise shall always be in my mouth .
All the days of the vow of his separation , a razor shall not pass over his head ; he shall be holy until all the days are fulfilled which he has separated to Jehovah . He shall allow the locks of the hair of his head to grow long .
But we ourselves have the sentence of death in ourselves , that we should not trust on ourselves , but on God , the One raising the dead ,
Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord .
Does he have thanks to that slave because he did the things commanded of him ? I think not .
And there are differences of gifts , but the same Spirit ;
Then these men met together and found praying and seeking mercy before his God .
He who planted the ear , shall He not hear ? He who formed the eye , shall He not see ?
I say to you , In that night two will be on one bed ; the one will be taken and the other will be left .

Pashur , Amariah , Malchijah ,
He has shown to His people the power of His works , to give to them inheritance of the nations .
For He put on righteousness like armor , and a helmet of salvation on His head . And He put on robes of vengeance as clothing ; and He put on zeal like a mantle .
And I will give Zedekiah , king of Judah , and his rulers , into the hand of their enemies , and into the hand of those seeking their life , even into the hand of the king of Babylon's army that has withdrawn from you .
I did not sit in the circle of merrymakers , nor exult . I sat alone because of Your hand ; for You have filled me with indignation .
Heaviness in a man's heart makes it droop , but a good word makes it glad .
And whatever you may do , work from the soul as to the Lord and not to men ,
And if they blow with one , then the rulers , the heads of the thousands of Israel , shall assemble to you .
or with chiefs ; they had gold , they filled their houses with silver ;

And Hezekiah listened to them , and showed them all the house of his treasury , the silver and the gold , and the spices , and the precious ointment , and all the house of his weapons , and all found in his treasure house ; there was not a thing that Hezekiah did not show them in his house and in all his dominion .
And these are the names of the sons of Gershon : Libni and Shimei .

And he said to all Israel , You be on one side , and my son Jonathan and I will be on another side . And the people said to Saul , Do that which is good in your eyes .
For this reason we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things heard , that we should not slip away at any time .
And she did not leave her fornications from Egypt . For they lay with her in her youth , and they worked her virgin nipples and poured their fornications on her .
And he said , Behold , I see the heavens having been opened , and the Son of man standing at the right of God !
He informs against friends for a share ; even his son's eyes shall be consumed .
And those who know Your name will put their trust in You ; for You , Jehovah , have not forsaken those who seek You .
For the Jews it was light and gladness and joy and honor .
let it be known to e king that the Jews who came up from you to us have come to Jerusalem . They are rebuilding the rebellious and the evil city and are completing its walls , and have joined the foundations .
But I will send a fire against Teman , and it shall devour the palaces of Bozrah .
Behold , My servants shall sing for joy of heart , but you shall cry from heartbreak , and howl from breaking of spirit .


Jehovah also thundered in the heavens ; and the Highest uttered His voice , hailstones and coals of fire .
The Law and the Prophets were until John ; from then the kingdom of God is being preached , and everyone is pressing into it .
Thirdly , He said to him , Simon son of Jonah , do you love Me ? Peter was grieved that He said to him a third time , Do you love Me ? And he said to him , Lord , You perceive all things , You know that I love You ! Jesus said to him , Feed My sheep !
Jehovah shall keep your going out , and your coming in , from now on and till forever .
And the king said to the runners that stood by him , Turn and kill the priests of Jehovah , because their hand also is with David , and because they knew that he was fleeing , and did not reveal it in my ear . But the king's servants were not willing to put forth their hand to fall on the priests of Jehovah .
But know this , that if the house-master had known the hour the thief is coming , he would have watched and would not have allowed his house to be dug through .
And Jehovah spoke to Joshua , saying ,
Therefore , say to the house of Israel , So says the Lord Jehovah : I do not do this for your sake , O house of Israel , but only for My holy name which you profaned among the nations , there where you went .
upon the high priesthood of Annas and Caiaphas , the word of God came on John the son of Zacharias in the desert .
And Jephthah fled from the face of his brothers , and lived in the land of Tob . And worthless men were gathered to Jephthah , and went out with him .
But now I no longer work it out , but the sin dwelling in me .

And wherever it seizes him , it dashes him ; and he foams and gnashes his teeth . And he wastes away . And I told Your disciples , that they might expel it . And they were not able .
They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces pointing there , saying , Come and let us join ourselves to Jehovah in an everlasting covenant never to be forgotten .
the moon and the stars to rule by night ; for His mercy endures forever ;
It is a sabbath of rest to you , and you shall humble your souls in the ninth of the month at evening ; from evening until evening you shall keep your sabbath .
And they asked him and said to him , Why then do you baptize , if you are not the Christ , nor Elijah , nor the Prophet ?

And He said , Because of this , I have told you that no one is able to come to Me except it is given to him from My Father .
And Jacob kissed Rachel and lifted up his voice and wept .
And Hezekiah the king and Isaiah the son of Amoz , the prophet , prayed about this , and they cried to Heaven .
since they poured out the blood of the saints and of the prophets ; and You gave blood to them to drink , for they were deserving .
For what is the portion from God above ? And what is the legacy from the Almighty on high ?
Also sons were born to Shemaiah , who ruled for the house of their father ; for they were mighty warriors .
For many walk as the enemies of the cross of Christ , of whom I often told you , and now even weeping I say it ,
those darkened from ice , in which the snow hides itself .
They have built the high places of Tophet in the valley of the son of Hinnom , to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire , which I did not command , nor did it come into My heart .
I have seen all the works which are done under the sun ; and , behold , all is vanity and striving after wind !
All turned away , they became worthless together , not one is doing goodness , not so much as one ! "
But they shall fly onto the shoulder of the Philistines to the west ; together they shall plunder the sons of the east , the stretching of the hand on Edom and Moab and the sons of Ammon ; they will obey them .
For great is Jehovah , and greatly to be praised ; and He is to be feared above all gods .
But their eyes were held so as not to recognize Him .
magnifying salvations to His king , and working mercy to His anointed , to David and to his seed forever .
The nations roared ; kingdoms were shaken ; He gave forth His voice and the earth melted .
And your beginning was small , yet your end would greatly increase .

And the Life was revealed , and we have seen , and we bear witness , and we announce to you the everlasting Life which was with the Father , and was revealed to us .
The singers : the sons of Asaph were a hundred and forty eight .
not to all the people , but to witnesses , the ones having been before hand-picked by God , to us who ate and drank with Him after His rising again from the dead .

And afterward it happened that Absalom the son of David had a beautiful sister , and her name was Tamar . And Amnon the son of David loved her .
What do you mean that you crush My people , and grind the faces of the poor , says the Lord , Jehovah of Hosts ?
And Samuel said to him , Jehovah has torn the kingdom of Israel from you today , and has given it to your neighbor who is better than you .

But I will kindle a fire against the wall of Rabbah , and it shall devour its palaces , with a war cry in the day of battle , with a tempest in the day of the windstorm .
Blessed be Jehovah who has given rest to His people Israel , according to all that He has spoken ; not one word of all His good word has fallen , which He spoke by the hand of His servant Moses .
This is not the wisdom coming down from above , but is earthly , beastly , devilish .
And the two wives of David had been taken , Ahinoam of Jezreel , and Abigail the former wife of Nabal of Carmel .
And the word of Abner was with the elders of Israel , saying , Before now you have been seeking David for king over you .
As for Me , behold , My covenant is with you , and you shall be a father of many nations .
For , brothers , you were called to freedom . Only do not use the freedom for an opening to the flesh . But through love serve one another .
Then He said to me , Son of man , these bones are all the house of Israel . Behold , they say , Our bones are dried , and our hope is perished ; we are cut off to ourselves .
And Samuel turned around to go . And he took hold on the skirt of his robe , and it tore .
These are the rulers of the north , all of them , and all the Sidonians , who have gone down with the slain in their terror . They are ashamed of their might . And they lie uncircumcised with those slain by the sword , and bear their shame with those going down to the Pit .
Because you have forgotten the God of your salvation , and you did not remember the Rock of your strength . On account of this you shall plant pleasing plants , and shall sow it a foreign shoot .
These are the sons of Gilead : of Jeezer , the family of the Jeezerites ; of Helek , the family of the Helekites .
But some of those of the synagogue called Libertines , rose up , also some Cyrenians and Alexandrians , and some of those from Cilicia and Asia Minor , disputing with Stephen .
In the second year of Joash the son of Jehoahaz the king of Israel , Amaziah the son of Joash the king of Judah reigned .
Behold , I will bring back the shadow of the steps which has gone down in the steps of Ahaz with the sun , backward ten steps . So the sun went back up ten steps , by which steps it had gone down !
And it happened , when she had hard labor in her bearing , even the midwife said to her , Do not fear , for this also is a son for you .
As for your infants , of whom you have said , They shall be a prey , I shall bring them in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .

This is the book of the generations of Adam : In the day that God created man . He made him in the likeness of God .
And it was the Passover , and the Feast of Unleavened Bread after two days . And the chief priests and the scribes were seeking how they might get hold of Him by guile , to kill Him .
For you have not drawn near to the mountain being touched , and having been lit with fire , and to gloom , and darkness , and tempest ,
and not being terrified in anything by those who oppose , which to them truly is a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and this from God ;
And My sheep , what your feet have trampled , they must feed on , and they drink what your feet have fouled .
that I may make it clear , as I ought to speak .

For Jehovah has turned the glory of Jacob as the glory of Israel . For the plunderers have plundered them and have destroyed their vine branches .

And she wrote in the letters , saying , Proclaim a fast , and set Naboth at the head of the people .
Praise Him , all His angels ; praise Him , all His hosts .
Those numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a son of a month and upward , even those numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred .

And she called his name Joseph , saying , May Jehovah add to me another son .
And you shall eat fat until satiated , and drink blood until drunkenness , of My sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you .
And she came to the mountain to the man of God , and lay hold on his feet . And Gehazi came near to thrust her away . But the man of God said , Let her alone , for her soul is bitter in her , and Jehovah has hidden it from me , and has not told me .
saying , A certain judge was in a certain city , not fearing God and not respecting man .
They profess to know God , but by their works they deny Him , being abominable and disobedient , and worthless to every good work .
And its fastening band was on it ; it was of it , like its work , gold , blue , and purple , and crimson , and twined bleached linen , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
And , behold , I shall send a boy , saying , Find the arrows ! If I expressly say to the boy , Behold , the arrows are on this side of you , take them ; then you come , for peace shall be to you , and there is nothing , as Jehovah lives .
And it executes all the authority of the first beast before it . And it causes that the earth and those dwelling in it should worship the first beast , of which was healed its deadly wound .
Gather its pieces into it , every good piece , the thigh and the shoulder . Fill it with choice bones ,
Who is the man who desires life , who loves days in order to see good ?
And I say to you , Whoever shall put away his wife , if not for fornication , and shall marry another , that one commits adultery . And the one who marries her who was put away commits adultery .
And king Rehoboam made in their place bronze shields . And he gave them into the hand of the commander of the runners , who kept the door of the king's house .
It is good that a man hopes for the salvation of Jehovah , even in silence .
And if you are willing to receive , he is Elijah , the one about to come .
And Abram said , Behold ! You have given no seed to me ; and lo , the son of my house is inheriting of me ! And behold !
Judge me , O God , and strive for my cause against a nation not godly . Deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man .
Their pillars were twenty and their sockets twenty , of bronze . The hooks of the pillars and their bands were silver .
For the word is very near to you , in your mouth and in your heart , that you may do it .
And we charge you , brothers , in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , to draw yourselves back from every brother walking in a disorderly way , and not according to the teaching which you received from us .
Then on behalf of Christ , we are ambassadors , as God is exhorting through us , we beseech on behalf of Christ , Be reconciled to God .

And the sons of Levi did according to the word of Moses . And about three thousand men of the people fell on that day .
And Isaac prayed to Jehovah for his wife for she was barren . And Jehovah was entreated for him , and his wife Rebekah conceived .
And He said to them , Going , say to that fox , Behold , today and tomorrow I cast out demons and I complete cures , and the third day I am perfected .
And they led it to Jesus . And throwing their garments on the colt , they put Jesus on it .
At the noise of the stamping of the hooves of his strong horses , at the rushing of his chariots , the rumbling of his wheels , the fathers shall not look back to their sons , because of feebleness of hands ;
and they are glad , because they are quiet ; and He led them to their desired haven .
Let no one condemn you , delighting in humility and worship of the angels , pushing into things which he has not seen , being puffed up by the mind of his flesh without a cause ,
And the lord praised the unrighteous steward , because he acted prudently . For the sons of this age are more prudent than the sons of light themselves are in their generation .
A sword is to Jehovah ; it is filled with blood ; it is made fat with fatness , with the blood of lambs and goats , with the fat of the kidneys of rams . For Jehovah has a sacrifice in Bozrah , and a great slaughter in the land of Edom .
the sons of Keros , the sons of Siaha , the sons of Padon ,
Love does not work evil to the neighbor . Then love is the fulfillment of law .
This month shall be the chief of months for you . It shall be the first of the months of the year for you .
And after many years I arrived doing alms and offerings to my nation ,
Greet Rufus , the chosen in the Lord , and his mother and mine .
And Hadad fled , he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him , to go into Egypt ; and Hadad was a little child .
For He has founded it on the seas , and established it on the rivers .
May Jehovah your God be blessed , who has delighted in you , to put you on His throne to be king for Jehovah your God . In the love of your God toward Israel , to make it stand forever , He has put you over them as king , to do judgment and righteousness .
Then the Samaritan woman said to Him , How do you , being a Jew , ask to drink from me , I being a Samaritan woman ? For Jews do not associate with Samaritans .
You shall walk in all the ways which Jehovah your God has commanded you , so that you may live , and that good may be to you , and you may prolong your days in the land which you will possess .
O Jehovah , until when shall I cry for help , and You will not hear ? I cry out to You , Violence ! But You do not save .
If anyone has ears to hear , let him hear .
There is an evil I have seen under the sun , sins which come from the face of the ruler :
Then being conceived , lust brings forth sin . And sin being fully formed brings forth death .
And they roasted the passover with fire , according to the ordinance ; and they cooked the holy things in pots , and in kettles , and in pans , and carried to all the sons of the people .
And the sons of Micah : Pithon , and Melech , and Tarea , and Ahaz .
And Baasha the son of Ahijah , of the house of Issachar , conspired against him And Baasha struck him at Gibbethon which belonged to the Philistines' . For Nadab and all Israel had laid siege to Gibbethon .
The wicked makes a deceitful wage , but one sowing righteousness has a reward of truth .
And Joseph prepared his chariot and went up to meet his father Israel to Goshen . And he appeared to him , and fell on his neck and wept on his neck a long time .
By the host of your iniquities , by the iniquity of your trade , you have profaned your holy places . So I brought a fire from your midst and it shall devour you , and I will give you for ashes on the earth in the sight of all who see you .
And what He has seen and heard , this He testifies , and no one receives His testimony .
But God will redeem my soul from the hand of Sheol ; for He will take me . Selah .
that my soul still seeks , but I have not found ; one man among a thousand I have found , but a woman among all those I have not found .
And I did not know Him ; but that He be revealed to Israel , for this reason I came baptizing in water .
If they say this to us , Stand still until we reach you , then we will stand in our place and not go up to them .
And you , rise up , go to your house . When your feet enter the city , the boy shall die .
But I wrote to you more boldly , brothers , as reminding you in part , because of the grace given to me by God ,
Because of this , it is necessary to be subject , not only on account of wrath , but also on account of conscience .
For you died , and your life has been hidden with Christ in God .
I am not able , I alone , to bear all this people , for it is too heavy for me ;
Jehovah shall send cursing on you , trouble and rebuke in all that you set your hand , all which you will do , until you are destroyed , or until you quickly perish , because of the badness of your doings by which you have forsaken Me .
And I , Daniel , was faint . And I was sick for days . Afterwards , I got up and did the king's business . And I was amazed at the vision . But there was no understanding .
I beg you , do not let her be as one dead , of whom the flesh is half consumed when he comes out of his mother's womb .
And they struck him and his sons and all his people until he did not have a remnant left . And they seized his land .
And Judah did evil in the sight of Jehovah , and they provoked Him to jealousy above all their fathers did by their sins that they had sinned .
And they said , Why do we yet have need of witness ? For we ourselves heard it from his mouth .
And the disciples forgot to take loaves . And they did not have any with them , except one loaf in the boat .
Of Solomon . Give the King Your judgments , O God ; and Your righteousness to the King's son .
The ones who make them are like them , and everyone trusting in them .
What then shall we say ? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound ?
And to the ones selling the doves , He said , Take these things from here ! Do not make My Father's house a house of merchandise .
The altar of wood was three cubits high , and its length two cubits . And its corners , and its length , and its walls were wood . And he said to me , This is the table that is before Jehovah .
And the nations were full of wrath ; and Your wrath came , and the time of the judging of the dead , and to give the reward to Your slaves , to the prophets , and to the saints , and to the ones fearing Your name , to the small and to the great , and to destroy those destroying the earth .
The length of one curtain was twenty eight by the cubit ; and the width was four by the cubit ; the one curtain was the same measure for all the curtains .

And Hannah was speaking in her heart ; only , her lips moved ; but her voice could not be heard . So Eli thought that she was drunk .
For in every city from ancient generations Moses has those proclaiming him , having been read in the synagogues on every sabbath .
To the chief musician . Do not destroy . A secret treasure of David , when he fled from Saul in the cave . Be merciful to me , O God , be merciful to me , for my soul trusts in You ; yea , in the shadow of Your wings I will make my hiding place , until the great destruction passes by .
Jesus said to them , Go back , for the little girl has not died , but she sleeps . And they laughed at Him .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And Moses lifted up his hand and smote the rock with his rod twice ; and much water came out ; and the congregation and their animals drank .
For it has been written , " As I live , says the Lord , that every knee will bow to Me , and every tongue confess to God . "
My Beloved sent His hand from the opening , and my inner being sighed for Him .
And David had said , Surely , in vain I have guarded all that belongs to this fellow in the wilderness , so that not anything was missed of all that was his . And he has returned to me evil for good .
Let your garments be white at every time ; and let your head lack no ointment .
Flee , go far away , go deep to dwell , O inhabitants of Hazor , declares Jehovah . For Nebu-chadnezzar , the king of Babylon , has taken counsel against you , and has plotted a scheme against you .
then I will visit their transgressions with the rod , and their sins with stripes .
Then I said to them , What is the high place to which you go there ? And its name is called High Place to this day .
and all the kings of Arabia , and all the kings of the mixed people who dwell in the desert ,
And He was withdrawn from them , about a stone's throw . And placing the knees , He prayed ,
And this is the law of the guilt offering ; it is most holy .
And the sons of Israel returned from hotly pursuing the Philistines ; and they pillaged their camps .
For they were in faithfulness , the four chiefs of the gatekeepers ; they were Levites and were over the rooms , and over the treasuries of the house of God .
and in cuttings of stones for finishings , and in carving of wood , to work in all workmanship of design .
so as not to appear to men to be fasting , but to your Father in secret . And your Father seeing in secret will repay you in the open .
So give their sons to the famine , and give them over to the hand of the sword . And let their wives be bereaved , and be widows , and let their men be the slain of death , their young men those struck by the sword in battle .
And he cried , A lion ! My lord , I always stand on my watchtower by day ; and I am stationed at my post all the nights .
And the vine said to them , Should I cease from my new wine , which rejoices god and men , and go to hold sway over the trees ?
A fool despises his father's instruction , but he keeping correction is sensible .
And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom , and the name of his city , Dinhabah .
For all His judgments were before me , and I did not turn away His statutes from me .
Do not look at me , that I am black , that the sun has looked on me . My mother's sons were angry with me ; they made me the keeper of the vineyards ; but my own vineyard I have not kept .
But put on the Lord Jesus Christ , and do not take thought beforehand for the lusts of the flesh .
And they brought Him to Golgotha Place , which translated is Place of a Skull .
And they called Rebekah and said to her , Will you go with this man ? And she said , I will go .
Today Jehovah your God commands you to do these statutes and ordinances . You shall take heed to do them with all your heart , and with all your soul .
if I rejoiced because my wealth was great ; or because my hand had gotten much ;
and Hazar-shual , and Balah , and Azem ,
Counsel and sound wisdom are mine ; I am understanding ; I have strength .
and doing kindness to thousands , to those loving Me , and to those keeping My commandments .

Only , as the gazelle and the hart are eaten , so you shall eat of it ; the unclean and the clean may eat of it alike .
ruling his own house well , having children in subjection with all respect .
And Saul turned back from pursuing David , and went to meet the Philistines . On account of this they have called that place , The Rock of the Division .
Build cities for your little ones , and folds for your sheep and do that which has come out of your mouth .
It is like leaven , which taking , a woman hid in three measures of meal until all was leavened .
And , behold , a man called aloud from the crowd , saying , Teacher , I beg You to look at my son , because he is my only born .
But if you at all turn away and cleave to the remnant of the nations , of those who are left to you , and intermarry with them , and go in to them , and they to you ,
and they came up and brought out from Egypt a chariot for six hundred silver pieces , and a horse for a hundred and fifty ; and so for all the kings of the Hittites , and the kings of Syria , they brought them out by their hand .
you shall send to the army a thousand for a tribe as to all the tribes of Israel .
Which things we also speak , not in words taught in human wisdom , but in words taught of the Holy Spirit , comparing spiritual things with spiritual things .
And He will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering which covers all people , and the veil that is woven over all nations .
Many waters cannot quench love , nor will the rivers overflow it . If a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , they surely would despise him .
the sons of Delaiah , the sons of Tobiah , the sons of Nekoda , six hundred and fifty two .
Observe the sabbath day , to keep it holy , as Jehovah your God has commanded you .
He who rises early in the morning and blesses his friend with a loud voice , it is counted as cursing to him .
Let Your mercy be upon us , O Jehovah , even as we trust in You .

Deal with Your servant by Your mercy ; and teach me Your statutes .

And Enoch walked with God three hundred years after he fathered Methuselah . And he fathered sons and daughters .
his offering : one silver dish , its weight a hundred and thirty , one silver basin of seventy shekels according to the sanctuary shekel , both of them full of flour mixed with oil for a food offering ;
And taking hold of the child's hand , He said to her , Talitha koumi ; which is , being translated , Little girl , I say to you , Rise up !
And answering , John said , Master , we saw someone casting out demons on Your name , and we forbade him because he does not follow with us .

They answered Him , We are Abraham's seed , and we have been in slavery to no one , never ! How do you say , You will become free ?

But the men traveling with him had been standing speechless , indeed hearing the voice , but seeing no one .
This is the statute of the law which Jehovah has commanded , saying , Speak to the sons of Israel , that they bring you a red heifer , a perfect one , in which there is no blemish , on which no yoke ever came .
I will also do this to you , and I shall appoint terror over you , the wasting , and the burning fever , destroying the eyes , and consuming the soul ; and you shall sow your seed in vain , and your enemies will eat it .

For we are in danger to be accused of insurrection concerning today , there being no cause about which we will be able to give account of this crowding together .
And Moses said , I will turn aside now and see this great sight , why the thorn bush is not burned up .
Hear , O Israel , you shall cross over the Jordan today , to go in to expel nations greater and mightier than yourself , cities great and walled up to the heavens ;
For I hungered , and you gave Me nothing to eat ; I thirsted , and you gave me nothing to drink ;

And of any man dies very suddenly beside him , and he defiles his consecrated head , then he shall shave his head on the day of his cleansing , on the seventh day he shall shave it .
O God , hold them guilty ; let them fall from their own counsels . Drive them away in the multitude of their transgressions , for they have rebelled against You .
And the prophet spoke all these words to Zedekiah , king of Judah , in Jerusalem ,
And at the end of the days that the king had said to bring them in , the chief of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar .
For I know your many transgressions , and your many sins : afflicting the just , taking of a bribe , and turning aside the poor in the gate .
I will set no wicked thing before my eyes ; I have hated the work of those who turn aside ; it shall not fasten upon me .
And the foundation was of costly stones , huge stones , stones of ten cubits and stones of eight cubits .
My dove , in the clefts of the rock , in the secrecy of the steep place , let Me see your form . Let Me hear your voice ; for your voice is sweet , and your form is beautiful .
And he said to the people , Pass on , go around the city , and he who is shall go on before the ark of Jehovah .
Blessed are the pure in heart ! For they shall see God .
As with silver dross spread over an earthen vessel , so are burning lips and a wicked heart .
Wake up my glory ! Wake up , harp and lyre ! I will stir the morning dawn with praise .
And the Kohathites pulled up , bearing the sanctuary . And others set up the tabernacle while they came .

So says Jehovah , A voice was heard in Ramah , wailing , bitter weeping : Rachel weeping for her sons ; she refuses to be comforted for her sons for they are not .

And it happened on the next day , he took a plaited cloth and dipped it in water , and spread it on his face , and he died . And Hazael reigned in his place .
Then do not be like them , for your Father knows what things you have need of before you ask Him .
For their heart was not steadfast with Him ; and they were not faithful in His covenant .
And a second time , Whom should I serve ? Should I not serve before the face of his son . As I served before the face of your father , so shall I be before your face .
You shall keep My sabbaths ; and you shall revere My sanctuary . I am Jehovah .
Yet I will leave a remainder , so that may be left to you those who escape the sword among the nations , in your scattering among the lands .
You have added to the nation , Jehovah ; You have added to the nation , You are glorified ; You have extended all the ends of the land .
And all the people saw him walking , and praising God .
Go and speak to Ebed-melech the Ethiopian , saying , So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel : Behold , I am bringing My words on this city for evil , and not for good . And they shall be before you in that day .
And the Egyptians were burying those whom Jehovah had smitten among them , every first-born , and Jehovah had executed judgments on their gods .
And the rulers of Israel , the chiefs of their fathers' houses offered . These were the rulers of the tribes , these they that stood over the numbered ones .

And you shall make loops of blue on the edge of one curtain , from the end at the juncture ; and so you shall do at the edge of the last curtain , at the second juncture .
And Joseph brought in his father Jacob and placed him before Pharaoh . And Jacob blessed Pharaoh .
And now men cannot look upon the light when it is bright in the clouds ; when the wind has passed and cleared them .
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the sons of Judah , for their families :
And I , in the first year of Darius the Mede , I was standing for a supporter and for a fortress for him .
The wise store up knowledge , but the mouth of the foolish is near ruin .
And You , O Jehovah God of hosts , the God of Israel : Awake to visit all the nations ; be not merciful to any plotting evil . Selah .
And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah , and all their food , and went away .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
I have forsaken My house ; I have left My inheritance . I have given the beloved of My soul into the hand of her enemies .
And the sons of Gad lived across from them , in the land of Bashan , to Salchah :
And it happened as they were going in the way , one said to Him , I will follow You everywhere You may go , Lord .
Issachar , Zebulun , and Benjamin ,
Why is light given to the miserable one , and life to him who is bitter in soul ;
But all these are a beginning of throes .
And the women said to Naomi , Blessed be Jehovah , who has not left you this day without a redeemer ; and may his name be called in Israel .
Because I knew that you are hard , and your neck is a sinew of iron , and your brow brass .
And David said to him , How did the matter go ? Please tell me . And he answered , The people fled from the battle and also a multitude of the people have fallen , and they died , and also Saul and his son Jonathan have died .
But taking hold of him , Barnabas led him to the apostles and told them how he saw the Lord in the highway , and that He spoke to him , and how in Damascus he spoke boldly in the name of Jesus .
And commanded the priests , saying , Rise out of the Jordan .
And Delilah said to Samson , Now tell me in what your great strength lies , and with what you may be bound in order to afflict you .
Who is wise and discerns these things ? Who is discerning and knows them ? For the ways of Jehovah are right , and the righteous shall walk in them ; but transgressors shall stumble in them .
For He remembers them , the seeker of bloodshed ; He does not forget the cry of the afflicted .
And he sent a second rider on a horse . And he came to them , and said , So says the king , Peace ? And Jehu said , What have you to do with peace ? Turn behind me .
the cords of Sheol are all around me , the snares of death confronted me
And the border shall go down from Shepham to Riblah on the east side of Ain ; and the border shall go down and shall reach on the shoulder of the Sea of Chinnereth eastward .
And the horses that king Solomon had were brought from Egypt , and from Kue ; the king's merchants received them from Kue at a price ;
Man does not know its value , nor is it found in the land of the living .
And they said , The Lord has need of it .
I have also seen a horrible thing among the prophets of Jerusalem ; they commit adultery and walk in falsehood . And they make the hands of evildoers strong , so that not a man returns from his evil . They are all of them like Sodom to Me , and her inhabitants like Gomorrah .
Let the wicked forsake his way and the vain man his thoughts ; and let him return to Jehovah , and He will have mercy on him ; and to our God , for He will abundantly pardon .
And take from them again , and throw them into the middle of the fire and burn them in the fire . From it shall come forth a fire into all the house of Israel .
You have feared the sword , but I will bring a sword on you , says the Lord Jehovah .
If you return to the Almighty , you shall be built up ; you shall put injustice far from your tents .
and Zadok the son of Ahitub , and Abimelech the son of Abiathar , were priests ; and Shavsha was scribe ;
If , then , you were raised with Christ , seek the things above , where Christ is sitting at the right of God ;
And Elisha prayed and said , I beg You , O Jehovah , open his eyes so that he may see . And Jehovah opened the eyes of the young man . And he looked , and behold , the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire all around Elisha .
And Jehovah sent you on the way , and said , Go , and exterminate the sinners , Amalek ; and fight against them until they finish them .

And after she had done all these , I said , She will return to Me ; but she did not return . And her treacherous sister Judah saw it .
And it happened in those days , a decree went out from Caesar Augustus for all the habitable world to be registered .
And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem , they sought the Levites out of all their places to bring them to Jerusalem , to keep the dedication with gladness , and with thanksgiving , and with singing , with cymbals , harps , and with lyres .
And Zerah the Ethiopian came out against them with an army of a thousand thousands , and three hundred chariots . And he came to Mareshah .
And the twelve stones which they took out of the Jordan were raised up in Gilgal by Joshua .
Oh rebuke the wild beasts of the reeds , the herd of bulls , with the calves of the peoples , trampling down with pieces of silver . He scatters the people who delight in war .
even if he does not do any of these himself : that also the son he has eaten on the mountains , and has defiled his neighbor's wife .
Jehoiakim was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem eleven years ; and the name of his mother was Zebudah the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah .

He forms the heart ; He understands all their works .
And I said , I will not mention Him or speak any more in His name . But His Word was in my heart like a burning fire shut up in my bones , and I was weary of holding in , and I could not prevail .
The eyes of Jehovah are in every place watching the evil and the good .
And Jehovah shall strike Israel as the reed waves in the water , and shall pluck up Israel from off this good land that He gave to their fathers . And He shall scatter them beyond the River , because they have made their Asherahs , provoking Jehovah to anger .
And God spoke to Moses and said to him , I am Jehovah .

And the Angel of Jehovah appeared to him , and said to him , Jehovah is with you , mighty warrior .
And He went with him . And a large crowd followed Him and pressed on Him .

And now , do not acquit him , for you are a wise man , and you know that which you shall do to him and shall bring his old age down with blood to Sheol .
After these things king Ahasuerus promoted Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite , and raised him , and set his seat above all the princes with him .
They are new by mornings ; great is Your faithfulness .
Has this house on which My name is called become a den of violent ones in your eyes ? Behold , even I have seen , declares Jehovah .

And you shall be driven from men , and your dwelling shall be with the animals of the field . And you shall be fed with grass like oxen . And you shall be wet with dew of the heavens ; and seven times shall pass over you until you know that the Most High is Ruler in the kingdom of men , and He gives it to whomever He desires .
The sons of Harim , three hundred and twenty .
I have thanks to God , whom I worship from my forebears in a pure conscience , how unceasingly I have remembrance concerning you in my petitions night and day ,
And Elisha was watching , and he was crying , My father , my father , the chariot of Israel and its horsemen ! And he did not see him again . And he took hold on his garments and tore them into two pieces .
For though Your people Israel is like the sand of the sea , only a remnant of it shall return ; a determined end , overflowing with righteousness .

Zion is laid waste on the mountain ; foxes walk about on it .
The boasters shall not set themselves before Your eyes . You hate all workers of iniquity .
and Jehovah said to me , Rise up , go down quickly from here ; for your people whom you have brought out of Egypt have acted corruptly ; they have quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them ; they have made themselves a casted image .
I thought upon the days of old , the years of bygone ages .
But I much more urge you to do this that I may sooner be restored to you .

But I will look to Jehovah ; I will wait for the God of my salvation . My God will hear me .
And a messenger came to and said , The oxen were plowing , and the asses were feeding beside them .
so shall your poverty come stalking , and your want like a man with a shield .
Honor your father and your mother , so that your days may be long on the land which Jehovah your God is giving to you .
And there you shall serve other gods , the work of man's hands , wood and stone , which cannot see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
And Jehovah left those nations without expelling them quickly . And He did not deliver them into the hand of Joshua .
Because of this , even as sin entered the world through one man , and death through sin , so also death passed to all men , inasmuch as all sinned .
So says Jehovah of hosts , do not listen to the words of the prophets who prophesy to you ; they make you vain ; they speak a vision of their own heart , not out of the mouth of Jehovah .
And Abimelech went to him from Gerar , and his aide Ahuzzath , and Phicol the general of his army .

As for the prince , as prince he shall sit in it to eat bread before Jehovah . He shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and by his way shall go out .
And it happened on the second chief sabbath , He passed along through the sown fields . And His disciples plucked the heads and were eating , rubbing with the hands .
But they did not listen nor bow their ear . But they walked in their own plans , in the stubbornness of their evil heart , and went backward and not forward .
For what is easier , to say , Your sins have been forgiven you ; or to say , Rise up and walk ?
And their border was from Heleph , from Allon to Zaanannim , and Adami , Nekeb , and Jabneel , to Lakum . And its boundaries were at Jordan .

For I am pressed together by the two : having a desire to depart and be with Christ , which is far better ,
And the king called for Jehoiada the head , and said to him , Why have you not required the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of Jerusalem the tribute of Moses , the servant of Jehovah , and of the congregation of Israel , for the tabernacle of the testimony ?
He has fenced up my path so that I cannot pass ; and He has set darkness on my paths .
yea , if in truth and in integrity you have acted toward Jerubbaal and his house this day , rejoice in Abimelech ; and he shall rejoice , he and you .
But answering , he said to one of them , Friend , I am not unjust to you . Did you not agree to a denarius with me ?

And may the God who has caused His name to dwell there destroy any kings and people who shall put their hand to change or to destroy this house of God in Jerusalem . I , Darius , have placed a decree . Let it be done exactly .
at midday along the highway , O king , I and those with me saw a light from heaven shining around me above the brightness of the sun .
I sought in my heart how to drag my flesh with wine , and leading my heart in wisdom ; and to lay hold on folly , until I might see where the good for the sons of men is , that which they should do under the heavens the number of days of their life .
Jehovah is redeeming the soul of His servants ; and none of those who trust in Him shall be guilty .
And David said , What have I done now ? Was it not but a word ?
which is not another ; only there are some troubling you and desiring to pervert the gospel of Christ .
And when the sun goes in , he shall be clean , and afterwards he shall eat of the holy things , for it is his food ;
And he said to this one also , And you be over five cities .

How do you say , We are mighty and strong men for war ?
And Jehovah answered out of the tempest and said :
When a man has taken a wife and married her , and it happens that she finds no favor in his eyes because he has found a thing of uncleanness in her , and he writes her a bill of divorce and puts it in her hand , and sends her out of his house ;
So he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his seine ; because by them his portion is fat , and his food rich .

And Jehovah said to Moses , How long will this people despise Me ? And How long will they continue not to believe in Me , for all the signs which I have done in its midst ?
Please allow a little water to be taken and You wash Your feet , and rest under the tree .
For you say , Behold , we did not know this . Does not He who weighs the heart consider it ? And the Keeper of your soul , does He not know ? Yea , He repays to a man according to his work .
And they crossed over the Jordan and camped in Aroer , on the right of the city , in the middle of the Valley of Gad , and to Jazer .
to Him who spread the earth on the waters ; for His mercy endures forever ;
And Jeroboam's wife did so , and rose up and went to Shiloh and entered the house of Ahijah . And Ahijah was not able to see , for his eyes were set because of his age .
The slacker does not start after his game , but the wealth of a working man is precious .


And Abijah became mighty , and he took fourteen wives to himself . And he fathered twenty two sons and sixteen daughters .
so shall knowledge of wisdom be to your soul , when you have found there is a future , and your hope is not cut off .
These are the sons of Israel : Reuben , Simeon , Levi , and Judah , Issachar , and Zebulun ,
And Joseph's brothers saw that their father was dead . And they said , What if Joseph should bear a grudge against us and should surely repay us all the evil which we did to him ?
And after these things , I heard a great voice of a numerous crowd in Heaven , saying , Hallelujah ! The salvation and the glory and the honor and the power of the Lord our God !
But the fruit of the Spirit is : love , joy , peace , long-suffering , kindness , goodness , faith ,

For this reason , I , Paul , the prisoner of Christ Jesus on behalf of you , the nations ,
For there our captors asked us the words of a song ; yea , our plunderers asked joy , saying , Sing to us a song of Zion .
And pray that your flight will not be in winter nor on a sabbath .
And Judah went with his brother Simeon , and they struck the Canaanites inhabiting Zephath and destroyed it . And the name of the city was called Hormah .
And God went up from him , in the place where He had spoken with him .
Paul and Silvanus and Timothy to the church of Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ :

then I call on the name of Jehovah : O Jehovah , I beseech You , deliver my soul !
The God of old is a refuge , and underneath are the everlasting arms . And He shall cast the enemy out from before you , and shall say , Destroy !
Go , speak to Pharaoh king of Egypt , that he may send away the sons of Israel from his land .
Then Lot chose all the circuit of Jordan for himself . And Lot pulled up toward the east . And they were separated , each one from his brother .
Then knowing that they were about to come and seize Him , that they might make Him king , Jesus withdrew again to the mountain alone by Himself .
Because you have not remembered the days of your youth , but have troubled Me in all these , so , behold , I also will give your way back on your head , declares the Lord Jehovah . And you shall not commit the wickedness above all your abominations .
And He came and took the scroll out of the right hand of Him sitting on the throne .
And on the morrow , allowing the horsemen to go with him , they returned to the fortress .

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Now He that supplies seed to the sower and bread for eating , may He supply and multiply your seed and increase the fruits of your righteousness ,

I indeed baptize you in water to repentance ; but He who is coming after me is stronger than I , whose sandals I am not fit to carry . He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and fire ,

And when I saw Him , I fell at His feet , as dead . And He put His right hand on me , saying to me , Do not fear . I am the First and the Last ,
It is not fit for soil nor for fertilizer ; they throw it out . The one having ears to hear , let him hear .
Woe to you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites ! For you are like whitened graves which outwardly indeed appear beautiful , but within are full of bones of the dead , and of all uncleanness .
And it happened , when the kingdom had been made strong to him , he killed his servants , those who had struck the king , his father .
And his brothers , mighty sons , were two thousand , seven hundred heads of the fathers . And king David made them overseers over the Reubenites , the Gadites , and the half tribe of Manasseh for every matter of God and matter of the king .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Write these words for yourself , for on the mouth of these words I will cut a covenant with you and with Israel .
And they laughed at Him . But putting all out , He took along the father and the mother of the child , and those with Him , and passed on into where the child was lying .
They shall enter into My sanctuary , and they shall come near to My table , to minister to Me . And they shall keep My charge .
And they said , If we have found favor in your eyes , let this land be given to your servants for a possession . Do not make us pass over the Jordan .
And Saul's servants said to him , Behold , now an evil spirit from God is terrifying you .

O Jehovah the God of Israel , You are righteous . For we are left as escapees , as it is this day . Behold , we are before You in our guilt , for none is able to stand before You because of this .

And you have done more evil than your fathers . For , behold , you each one walk after the stubbornness of his evil heart , without listening to Me .
The sons of Manasseh : of Machir , the family of the Machirites ; and Machir fathered Gilead ; of Gilead , the family of the Gileadites .
And say to them , So says the Lord Jehovah : In the day I chose Israel and lifted My hand to the seed of the house of Jacob , and I was made known to them in the land of Egypt , when I lifted up My hand to them , saying , I am Jehovah your God .
Clouds are a covering for Him , and He does not see ; and He walks the circuit of the heavens .
He has given food to those who fear Him ; He will always remember His covenant .
The wicked waited for me , to destroy me ; I will muse on Your testimonies .
And after he fathered Serug , Reu lived two hundred and seven years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
I will also meditate on all Your works and muse of Your doings .
No one is able in any way to plunder the goods of the strong one , entering into his house , unless he first tie up the strong one ; and then he will plunder his house .
And king Zedekiah , the son of Josiah , reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim , whom Nebuchadnezzar , king of Babylon , made king in the land of Judah .
Heal sick ones , cleanse lepers , raise dead ones , cast out demons . You have freely received , freely give .
The sun rises ; they are gathered , and go to their dens to lie down .
And the ones coming the eleventh hour each received a denarius .
And Jeroboam said to his wife , Please rise up and disguise yourself , that you may not be known to be the wife of Jeroboam . And you shall go to Shiloh . Behold , Ahijah the prophet is there . He spoke to me of being king over this people .

And He said to them , Take nothing for the way , neither staffs , nor moneybags , nor bread , nor silver , nor each to have two tunics .
And again He entered into Capernaum after some days . And it was heard that He was in a house .
Out of the same mouth comes forth blessing and cursing . My brothers it is not fitting for these things to be so .
And the priest shall look , and , behold , if the scab has spread in the skin , the priest shall pronounce him unclean ; it is leprosy .
But I will put hooks in your jaws , and I will cause the fish of your rivers to stick to your scales . And I will bring you up from the midst of your rivers , and all the fish of your rivers shall stick to our scales .
Rejoice over her , Heaven , and the holy apostles , and the prophets , because God judged your judgment on her .
So I took the document of the purchase , that which was sealed according to the law and the statutes , and the open copy .
and Obal , and Abimael , and Sheba ,
And Joseph said to them , Do not fear . For am I in the place of God ?
After my words , they did not go on , and my speech dropped on them .
And the rest of the sons of Levi : of the sons of Amram , Shubael ; of the sons of Shubael , Jehdeiah .
He shall remember its nobles ; they shall stumble in their walking ; they shall hurry to its wall , and the covering shall be set up .
And letting out a great cry , Jesus expired .
I pray to You , let me pass over and see the good land which is beyond the Jordan , this good hill country , and Lebanon .
And answering , He said to them , You give them food to eat . And they said to Him , Going , should we buy two hundred denarii of bread and give them to eat ?
And more sons of Eleazar were found than the sons of Ithamar , for heads of the men . And they divided them . For the sons of Eleazar were : sixteen chiefs to their father's house ; and eight to the sons of Ithamar , to the house of their fathers .
And , behold , the angel who was talking with me went out , and another angel went out to meet him ,
Ira the Ithrite ; Gareb , an Ithrite ;
The fathers shall not be put to death for sons , and sons are not to be put to death for fathers ; they each shall be put to death for his own sin .

And of Asher he said , Asher shall be blessed with sons ; let him be accepted by his brothers , and dip his foot in oil .
And it becoming day , some of the Jews making a conspiracy cursed themselves , saying neither to eat nor to drink until they should kill Paul .
And I gave my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness , and folly . I know that this also , it is striving after wind .
a people great and tall , the sons of the Anakim , whom you know , and of whom you have heard it said , Who can stand before the sons of Anak ?
The stripes of a wound cleanse away evil , and strokes the inward parts of the heart .
and Ziklag , and Madmannah , and Sansannah ,
When Your people shall go out to battle against its enemies in the way that You shall send them , and they shall pray to You toward this city that You have chosen , and the house that I have built for Your name ;
The whole congregation together was forty two thousand , three hundred and sixty ,
And they did not listen to Moses . And some left from it until morning ; and it became rotten with maggots , and stunk . And Moses was angry against them .
And Israel lived in Shittim . And the people began to fornicate with the daughters of Moab .
Let us search and examine our ways , and turn again to Jehovah .
Jesus said to him , I do not say to you , Until seven times , but , Until seventy times seven .
Return , and you shall say to Hezekiah the leader of My people , So says Jehovah , the God of your father David , I have heard your prayer ; I have seen your tears ; behold , I will heal you ; you shall go up to the house of Jehovah the third day .
Why are we counted as animals ? Are we stupid in your eyes ?

The one who loves his life loses it , and the one who hates his life in this world will keep it to everlasting life .
and exalt Him in the congregation of the people ; and praise Him in the seat of the elders .
And the mouth in its top shall be in its middle ; a binding shall be all around its mouth , of woven work ; it shall be like the mouth of a corselet ; it may not be torn .
Then as many as are perfect , let us be of this mind ; and if you think anything differently , God will also reveal this to you .
But we sailed along after the days of Unleavened Bread from Philippi , and came to them at Troas in five days , where we stayed seven days .
For we are sold , my people and I , for destruction , for murder and for perishing . But if we had been sold for male slaves and slave-girls , I would have kept silent , though the adversary could not make up for the king's loss .
And He said , To what shall we compare the kingdom of God ? Or with what parable shall we compare it ?
And when the priest looks on the plague of the scab ; and , behold , it is not in sight deeper than the skin , and there is no black hair in it , then the priest shall shut up the plagued one with the scab seven days .
And his wife Jezebel said to him , Do you now rule over Israel ? Rise up , eat food and let your heart be good . I will give you the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite .
These are the sons of Dan according to their families : of Shuham , the family of the Shuhamites . These are the families of Dan according to their families .
And into whatever city or village you enter , search out who in it is worthy ; and remain there until you go out .
For it is better he shall say to you , Come up here ! than that you should be put lower before a noble whom your eyes have seen .
according as it has been written , " Eye has not seen , and ear has not heard , " nor has it risen up into the heart of man , the things which God has prepared for those that love Him .
For He bows the dwellers on high ; He lays low the lofty city ; He lays it low to the ground ; He makes it touch even to the dust .
And coming into the boat , the wind ceased .
And whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . And the one carrying those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
And leaving their nets , they immediately followed Him .
And after five days Ananias the high priest came down with the elders , and a certain orator , Tertullus , who made a statement to the governor against Paul .
Bring out from you every living thing that is with you , of all flesh , of fowl , of cattle , and of every creeping thing that creeps on the earth ; and let them swarm on the earth , and bear , and multiply on the earth .
And the garment , or the warp , or the woof , or anything of leather which you shall wash when the plague has been taken off them , then it shall be washed a second time , and shall be clean .
And the son of Ethan was Azariah ,
His mischief shall return on his own head , and his violence shall come down on his own crown .
And although I thought , that I might understand this , it was painful in my eyes ,
Three times in the year every male of yours shall be seen before the face of the Lord Jehovah , the God of Israel .
which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon did not take when he exiled Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim , king of Judah , from Jerusalem to Babylon , and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem .
And He drove His enemies backward ; He put them to a never-ending shame .
Therefore , then the other disciple also entered , he having come first to the tomb , even he saw and believed .
O Jehovah , they crush Your people and afflict Your inheritance .
Then faith is of hearing , and hearing through the Word of God .
The people that I formed for Myself shall declare My praise .
To the angel of the Ephesian church , write : These things says the One holding the seven stars in His right hand , He walking in the midst of the seven golden lampstands :

While this one was still speaking , this other also came and said , The fire of God has fallen from the heavens and has burned up the sheep and the young men . And it has destroyed them ; and I , I alone have escaped to tell you .
Behold ! The Lord will expel her , and He will strike her wealth in the sea , and she shall be consumed with fire .
And when wicked men have slain a righteous man in his own house on his bed , should I not even now seek his blood from your hand , and glean you from the earth ?
Moab is My washpot ; over Edom I will cast out My shoe ; over me , Philistia , shout in triumph .

Also I said , The thing you do is not good . Should you not walk in the fear of God because of the reproach of the nations , our enemies ?
My eyes are ever toward Jehovah ; for He shall bring my feet out of the net .
And he shall bring near from the sacrifice of the peace offerings a fire offering to Jehovah , its fat ; he shall remove the entire fat tail close by the backbone , and all the fat that covers the inward parts , and all the fat that is on the inward parts ,
As what are the days of Your servant ? When will You execute judgment on my persecutors ?
and swore by Him living forever and ever , " who created the heaven " and the things in it , " and the earth " and the things in it , " and the sea and the things in it , " that time shall no longer be ;
So her young men shall fall in the streets , and all her men of war shall be silenced in that day , declares Jehovah .
In the cities of the mountains , in the cities of the lowland , and in the cities of the Negeb , and in the land of Benjamin , and in the places around Jerusalem , and in the cities of Judah , the flocks shall pass again under the hands of him who tallies , says Jehovah .
Then the herald cried with strength : To you it is commanded O peoples , nations , and languages ,
For the king understands about these things , to whom I speak , even being bold of speech . For I am persuaded not any of these things are hidden from him , nothing . For the doing of this is not in a corner .
And David fled from Naioth in Ramah , and came and said before Jonathan , What have I done ? What is my iniquity , and what my sin before your father , that he is seeking my life ?

For now they shall say , We have no king , because we did not fear Jehovah . What then should a king do for us ?
And you shall do as I have done . You shall not cover over the mustache , and you shall not eat the bread of men .
You are bearing your wickedness and your abominations , declares Jehovah .
also to bring the firstfruits of our ground , and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees , year by year , to the house of Jehovah ;
And You gave them kingdoms and peoples , and divided them to corners . And they possessed the land of Sihon , and the land of the king of Heshbon , and the land of Og king of Bashan .
My soul waits for the Lord more than morning-watchers watching for the morning .
And these were the sons of Oholibamah , the daughter of Anah , the daughter of Zibeon , the wife of Esau ; even she bore Jeush to Esau , and Jaalam , and Korah .
Praise Jehovah , all nations ; praise Him , all peoples ;
For years few in number will come ; and I shall not return the way I shall go .
And Jehovah spoke by His servants the prophets , saying ,
And he said to him , We are passing from Bethlehem-judah to the other side of the hills of Ephraim . I am from there , and I am going to Bethlehem-judah . And I am going to the house of Jehovah . Yet there is no man to take me into the house .
And Solomon went to Hamath-zobah and prevailed over it .
For the land to which you are going , to possess it , is not as the land of Egypt , from where you came , where you sowed your seed and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs .
Many are the evils of the righteous , but Jehovah helps him out of them all ,
They began to lay the foundation of the heaps in the third month , and in the seventh month they finished .
because my eyes saw Your Salvation ,
And the Pharisees were assembled to Him , also some of the scribes , coming from Jerusalem .
And I looked at the living creatures , and , behold , one wheel was on the earth beside the living creatures , with the four of its faces .
Jehovah shall cause you to be stricken before your enemies . You shall go out one way against them , and shall flee seven ways before them . And you shall be a trembling to all the kingdoms of the earth .
and the Arvadite , and the Zemarite , and the Hamathite .
It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom a hundred and twenty satraps , that they might be over the kingdom .
And , behold , one of the synagogue rulers named Jairus came . And seeing Him , he fell at His feet .
Hariph , Anathoth , Nebai ,
Not so ! You and the men go now and serve Jehovah . For you were seeking it . And he drove them out from the face of Pharaoh .
And they took that which Moses had commanded to the front of the tabernacle of the congregation , and all the congregation drew near and stood before Jehovah .
So says the Lord Jehovah : In the first month , on the first of the month , you shall take a bull without blemish , a son of the herd , and cleanse the sanctuary .
the king of Eglon , one ; the king of Gezer , one ;
And in a dispute , they shall stand to judge , they shall judge it by My judgments . And they shall observe My laws and My statutes in My appointed feasts , and they shall sanctify My sabbaths .
Many will say to Me in that day , Lord , Lord , did we not prophesy in Your name , and in Your name cast out demons , and in Your name do many works of power ?
But do not again prophesy at Bethel any more , for it is the king's holy place , and it is the royal house .
Then Jesus said to His disciples , If anyone desires to come after Me , let him deny himself , and let him bear his cross , and let him follow Me .
that our fathers went down to Egypt , and we lived in Egypt many days , and the Egyptians did evil to us and to our fathers .
And again , he sent another , and they killed that one ; also many others , indeed beating these , and killing these .
answered and said , A man is able to receive nothing unless it has been given to him from Heaven .
And those falling in the thorns , these are those hearing , but under cares and riches and pleasures of life , having moved along , they are choked , and do not bear to maturity .
the younger men in the same way exhort to be discreet ;
the sun to rule by day ; for His mercy endures forever ;
And Bela died ; and Jobab the son of Zerah reigned in his place from Bozrah .
And you shall put the altar of gold for incense before the ark of testimony . And you shall set up the screen of the door of the tabernacle .

But they shouted , saying , Crucify ! Crucify him !
And it shall be in that day , declares Jehovah , the sound of a cry from the Fish Gate , and a howling from the Second , and a great breaking from the hills .
For if I do this willingly , I have a reward ; but if unwillingly , I am entrusted with a stewardship .
And the chief of the executioners took Seraiah the head priest , and Zephaniah the second priest , and the three doorkeepers .
As when I looked toward Tyre , Ephraim was planted in a pleasant place . But Ephraim shall bring forth his sons to the slayer .
A Psalm of David . I will sing of mercy and judgment ; to You O Jehovah , I will sing praise .
and they changed their Glory into the image of an ox eating grass .

Consume them in Your anger ; consume , so that they may not be ; and they shall know that God is ruling in Jacob , to the ends of the earth . Selah .
Behold , there are with them their two sons , Ahimaaz to Zadok , and Jonathan to Abiathar . And you shall send to me by their hand anything that you hear .
And coming on a place between two seas , they drove the vessel . And indeed the prow having stuck firmly , it remained . But the stern was broken by the violence of the waves .
And Jehovah said to him , What is this in your hand ? And he said , A staff .
My eye flows out and does not cease , from there not being any relaxing ,
And Simon himself also believed , and being baptized was continuing steadfastly with Philip . And seeing miracles and mighty works happening , he was amazed .
The black horses in it go into the north country , and the white go after them ; and the dappled ones go toward the south country .
In the thirty ninth year of Azariah the king of Judah , Menahem the son of Gadi began to reign over Israel , ten years in Samaria .
Do not let your heart be troubled ; you believe in God , believe also in Me .
And you shall say to them , Any man of the house of Israel , or of aliens who sojourn in your midst , who offers burnt offering or sacrifice ,
And Hiram made the pots , and the shovels , and the basins . And Hiram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon in the house of God :

And it happened , when we had gone up to your servant , my father , we told him the words of my lord .
For all our days pass away in Your wrath ; we finish our years like a murmur .
And the watchman was standing on the tower in Jezreel . And he saw the troop of Jehu as he came . And he said , I see a troop . And Jehoram said , Take a rider , and send to meet them , and let him say , Peace ?


And ships shall come from the coast of Cyprus , and they shall humble Assyria , and they shall humble Eber , and he also shall come to destruction forever .
He built against me and has put around me bitterness and hardship .
Therefore chastising him , I will release him .
because of the sins of Jeroboam which he sinned , and that he caused Israel to sin by his provocation with which he provoked Jehovah the God of Israel to anger .
For the sons of Joseph were two tribes , Manasseh and Ephraim . And they did not give a portion to the Levites in the land , except cities to live in , with the open land around them for their livestock and for their substance ,
And the men of Ephraim were called together , and went northward , and said to Jephthah , Why have you passed over to fight against the sons of Ammon , and you have not called on us to go with you ? We will burn your house over you with fire .

And the sons of his brother Helem : Zophah , and Imna , and Shelesh , and Amal .
Even as also David says of the blessedness of the man to whom God counts righteousness apart from works :
apart from their genealogy , to males from a son of three years and upward , to everyone who had gone into the house of Jehovah , the proper portion of a day in its day , for their service in their duties , according to their divisions ;
And David and the commanders of the army separated some to the service of the sons of Asaph and Heman and Jeduthun , who were prophets with harps , with lyres and with cymbals . And their number , of the workmen according to their service , was :
And God made the expanse , and He separated between the waters which were under the expanse and the waters which were above the expanse . And it was so .
And the foundation of the wall of the city having been adorned with every precious stone : The first foundation , jasper ; the second , sapphire ; the third , chalcedony ; the fourth , emerald ;
And the sons of Pharez : of Hezron , the family of the Hezronites of Hamul the family of the Hamulites .
and said to his young man , Now go up , look closely to the way of the sea . And he went up and looked closely , and said , There is nothing ; and he said , Go back seven times .

And My anger shall be spent , and I will make My fury rest on them , and I will be eased . And they shall know that I , Jehovah , have spoken in My zeal , in My fulfilling My fury among them .
Jesus answered them , Did I not choose you , the Twelve ? Yet one of you is a devil !
Listen to your father , this one sired you , and do not despise your mother when she is old .
And the Lord is the Spirit ; and where the Spirit of the Lord is , there is freedom .
when His lamp shone on my head , when I walked through darkness by His light ;
and so cause them to bear the iniquity of the guilt offering in their eating their holy things . For I am Jehovah who sanctifies them .
But who has strength to enclose a house for Him , since the heavens and the heaven of heavens cannot contain Him ? And who am I that I should build Him a house , except to offer before Him ?
If brothers live together , and one of them dies , and has no son , the wife of the dead shall not go outside to a strange man ; her brother-in-law shall go in to her , and take her to himself for a wife , and shall perform the duty of the levirate ;
and most of all those going after flesh in the lust of defilement , and despising rulership , darers , self-pleasing ; they do not tremble at glories , speaking evil ;
Anguish comes ! And they shall seek peace , but none shall be .
and when your herds and your flocks multiply , and your silver and your gold have multiplied , and all that you have is multiplied ,
Be hospitable to one another without murmurings ,
to reveal His Son in me , that I might preach Him among the nations , immediately I did not confer with flesh and blood ,
Naphtali is a deer let loose giving one beautiful sayings .
And the sons of the prophets in Jericho came near to Elisha , and said to him , Do you know that today Jehovah will take away your lord from your head ? And he said , Yes , I know . Keep silent .
For if you refuse to send away My people , behold , I am going to bring locusts into your territory tomorrow .
Jesus knowing that the Father has given all things into His hands , and that He came out from God , and goes away to God ,
Who is like You among the gods , O Jehovah ? Who is like You , glorified in holiness , fearful in praises , O Worker of wonders ?
And you shall keep this ordinance at its appointed time , from days to days .
And they came into the synagogue ruler's house . And He saw a tumult , and weeping and much wailing .

That Your way may be known on earth , Your salvation among all nations .

And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia , write : These things says the Holy One , the True One , the One having " the key of David , " " the One opening , and no one shuts ; and shuts , and no one opens : "
Take Aaron and his son Eleazar , and cause them to go up to Mount Hor ;

For all threw in out of that abounding to them , but she out of her poverty threw in all , as much as she had , her whole livelihood .
But if anyone does not provide for his own , and especially his family , he has denied the faith and is worse than an unbeliever .

But they and our fathers seethed , and hardened their necks , and did not listen to Your commands .
And the inhabitants of the cities of Israel shall go out and shall set afire and burn the weapons , even the shield and the buckler , the bow and the arrows , and the hand staff , and the spears . And they shall burn them with fire seven years .
For though I am indeed absent in the flesh , yet I am with you in spirit , rejoicing and seeing your order and the firmness of your faith in Christ .

yea , for who am I , and who my people , that we should be able to offer willingly in this way ? For all is of You , and we have given to You out of Your hand ;
And the land of Judah shall be a terror to Egypt ; everyone who mentions it shall dread to it , from before the purpose of Jehovah of Hosts , which He purposes against it .
And captured all the cities of these kings , and all their kings . And he struck them by the mouth of the sword . He destroyed them , as Moses the servant of Jehovah had commanded .
He was a son of sixteen years when he began to reign , and he reigned fifty two years in Jerusalem ; and the name of his mother was Jecholiah of Jerusalem .
The law of truth was in his mouth , and iniquity was not found in his lips . In peace and in uprightness he walked with Me , and he turned many from iniquity .
For through the anger of Jehovah it happened in Jerusalem and Judah , until He had cast them out from His face , that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon .
and all the brothers with me , to the churches of Galatia .
In these was a great multitude of the infirm lying , blind ones , lame ones , withered ones , awaiting the stirring of the water .

And all the sons of Israel went out , and the congregation was assembled as one man , from Dan even to Beersheba , and the land of Gilead , to Jehovah at Mizpeh .
And Judah saw there a daughter of a Canaanite man named Shuah . And he took her , and went in to her .
On account of this , glorify Jehovah in the flames , the name of Jehovah God of Israel , in the coasts of the sea .

And returning from the tomb , they reported all these things to the Eleven , and to all the rest .
But brother is judged with brother , and this before unbelievers !
And I will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and I will be judging face to face there with you .
For the words which You gave to Me , I have given to them . And they received and truly knew that I came out from beside You , and they believed that You sent Me .
And coming into the parts of Caesarea of Philip , Jesus questioned His disciples , saying , Whom do men say Me the Son of Man to be ?
Nothing was in the ark , only the two tables of stone which Moses put there in Horeb , when Jehovah cut a covenant with the sons of Israel as they went out of the land of Egypt .
And he said to me , What do you see ? And I answered , I see a flying scroll ; its length is twenty cubits , and its width ten cubits .
And when day came , the body of elders of the people , the chief priests and scribes , were gathered . And they led Him away into their sanhedrin , saying ,
And afterwards , the rest of the virgins also came , saying , Lord , Lord , open to us .
And she kept his robe beside her until the coming of his master to his house .
So , behold , the days come , declares Jehovah , that I will send pourers to him , who shall pour him off , and shall empty his vessels , and break their jars in pieces .
And returning early to the city , He hungered .
The wise are ashamed ; they are terrified and are captured . Behold , they have rejected the word of Jehovah , and what wisdom is theirs ?
And when the days of her cleansing according to the Law of Moses were fulfilled , they took Him up to Jerusalem to present Him to the Lord ,

And Judah and all its cities shall live in it together , the farmers and those who travel with flocks .
Jehovah of hosts is with us ; the God of Jacob is a refuge for us . Selah .
But you trusted in your beauty , and you prostituted yourself because of your name , and poured out your fornications on all who passed by ; it was to him !

I will soon pour out My fury on you and fulfill My anger on you . And I will judge you according to your ways and will put on you all your abominations .
But a certain one of those standing by , drawing a sword , struck the slave of the high priest and took off his ear .
Sing to Him , sing psalms to Him ; tell of all His marvelous works .
His disciples said to Him , Behold , now You speak plainly and You say no allegory .
Amaziah his son ; Azariah his son ; Jotham his son ;
On these two commandments all the Law and the Prophets hang .
But You know me , O Jehovah . You have seen me and tried my heart toward You . Pull them out like sheep for the slaughter , and devote them to the day of slaughter .
And you , do not pray for this people ; and do not lift up a cry or prayer for them . For I will not hear in the time they cry to Me for their trouble .
Hoshea , Hananiah , Hashub ,
Then you shall say to them , Because your fathers have forsaken Me , says Jehovah , and have walked after other gods , and have served them , and have worshiped them , and have forsaken Me , and have not kept My law .
until an arrow strikes through his liver , as a bird hastens to the snare , and not knowing that it is for his soul .
And it was so , from that day and forward he commanded it for a statute and for an ordinance for Israel to this day .
The mountains melted like wax before the face of Jehovah , before the face of Jehovah of the whole earth .
But Christ having appeared as a High Priest of the coming good things , through the greater and more perfect tabernacle not made with hands , that is , not of this creation ,
I can do all things through Christ , the One giving me power .

The sons of Jacob came on the slain and plundered the city , because they had defiled their sister .
And when you fast , do not be as the hypocrites , darkening the face , for they disfigure their faces so that they may appear to men to be fasting . Truly I say to you that they have their reward .
You are Jehovah the God who chose Abram , and brought him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees , and appointed his name Abraham .
Behold , you have heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands , by utterly destroying them ; and shall you be delivered ?
So that , my beloved brothers , you be firm , immovable , abounding in the work of the Lord always , knowing that your labor is not without fruit in the Lord .
He walled up my ways with cut stone ; my paths are crooked .

And they feared a great fear and said to one another , Who then is this , that even the wind and the sea obey Him ?
Flee fornication . Every sin which a man may do is outside the body , but he doing fornication sins against his own body .
Judah and Israel were many , as the sand the sea in multitude ; eating and drinking and rejoicing .
And the rest of the food offering is for Aaron and his sons , most holy , of the offerings of Jehovah .
And he built Tadmor in the wilderness , and all the store cities that he built in Hamath .
Keep your heart with all diligence , for out of it are the issues of life .

And now , may Jehovah do with you in kindness and truth . And I also will do good to you because you have done this thing .
And as for me , my feet had almost stumbled , my steps nearly made to slip .
And it happened , at the end of twenty years , Solomon built the house of Jehovah , and his own house .
those numbered of them for the tribe of Dan were sixty two thousand and seven hundred .
And he said , O Lord , please send by the hand of him whom You will send .
There is no fear in love , but perfect love casts out fear , because fear has punishment ; and the one fearing has not been perfected in love .

The seventh was to Jesharelah , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
And the king said to them , I have dreamed a dream , and my spirit was troubled to know the dream .
And in the vine were three branches . And at its budding , it went up into blossom , its clusters ripened into grapes .
and they went , Solomon and all the congregation with him , to the high place that in Gibeon , for there was God's tabernacle of the congregation that Moses , the servant of Jehovah , had made in the wilderness .
And it shall be when you capture the city , you shall burn the city with fire . You shall do according to the word of Jehovah . See , I have commanded you .
For so Jehovah has said to me : As the lion roars , even the young lion on his prey when the multitude of shepherds are gathered against him , he will not fear their voice , nor fret himself because of their noise . So Jehovah of Hosts shall come down to fight on Mount Zion , and on its hill .
And the hand of Jehovah was on me there . And He said to me , Rise up , go forth into the plain , and I will speak with you there .
For he sees wise men die ; together the fool and the animal-like ones perish and leave their riches to others .
In that day Israel shall be the third with Egypt and with Assyria , a blessing in the midst of the earth ,
In Your mercy You led the people whom You redeemed ; You guided in Your strength to Your holy dwelling .
and the pillars of the court all around , and their sockets , and their pins , and their cords , of all their vessels , and of all their service . And you shall number the vessels of the charge of their burden by name .
Gather yourselves and hear , sons of Jacob ; yea , listen to your father Israel :
Jehovah is the God of gods ; Jehovah is the God of gods ! He knows , and Israel shall know , if it is in rebellion , and if it is in treachery against Jehovah , you shall not save us alive today .
Our father died in the wilderness , and he was not among the company who met together against Jehovah in the company of Korah , but he died for his own sins , and had no son .
You shall set a way that the sword may enter into Rabbah of the sons of Amnion , and into Judah , into fortified Jerusalem .
And Jehovah sent fiery serpents among the people ; and they bit the people , and many people of Israel died .
And the king of Israel called all the elders of the land , and said , Please note , and see the evil this one is seeking , for he sent to me for my wives , and for my sons , and for my silver , and for my gold , and I did not withhold from him .

Behold ! The silver which we found in the mouth of our sacks , we returned to you from the land of Canaan . And how should we steal silver or gold from the house of your lord ?
And the Spirit entered into me and stood me on my feet and spoke with me . And He said to me , Come , shut yourself within your house .

And he came to the gate which faced eastward , and he went up its steps and measured the threshold of the gate , one reed wide , even the one threshold , one reed wide .
And she came to Jerusalem with a very great company , camels bearing spices , and very much gold , and precious stones . And she came to Solomon and spoke with him all that had been in her heart .
and went after the man of God , and found him sitting under an oak tree . And he said to him , are you the man of God who has come from Judah ? And he said , I am .
And Solomon sat on the throne of Jehovah as king instead of his father David , and prospered ; and all Israel obeyed him .
At the end of every seven years you shall make a release .
And now , Jehovah the God of Israel has expelled the Amorite from before His people Israel . And would you possess it ?
For I will show him how much he must suffer for the sake of My name .

And it happened to me , traveling and drawing near to Damascus : suddenly , about midday , a great light out of the heaven shone around me .
And they came to the camp of Israel . And the Israelites rose up and struck the Moabites . And they fled from before them . And striking they struck Moab .
And if the Lord had not shortened the days , not any flesh would be saved ; but because of the elect whom He chose , He has shortened the days .
And when he had gone out , his servants came . And they looked , and , behold , the doors of the roof room were locked . And they said , Surely he is covering his feet in the cool roof room .
The burden of Damascus : Behold , Damascus is taken away from being a city , and it shall be a ruined heap .
And David answered the priest and said to him , Surely , a woman has been kept from us as yesterday and the third day , since I came out , and the vessels of the young men are holy . And in a way the holy bread is common ; also surely today it is sanctified in the vessels .
and have not shut me up into the hand of the enemy ; You have set my feet in a broad place .
And the wood of his spear was like a weaver's beam ; and the blade of his spear weighed six hundred shekels of iron . And the shield bearer went before him .
You shall not revile God , and you shall not curse a ruler among your people .
And seeking to lay hold of Him , they feared the crowds , because they held Him as a prophet .
For so says Jehovah , Behold , I will make you a terror to yourself and to all your friends . And they shall fall by the sword of their enemies , and your eyes shall see . And I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall exile them into Babylon and kill them with the sword .
and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites ; and the sons of David were priests .
If you do well , is there not exaltation ? And if you do not do well , sin is crouching at the door ; and its desire is toward you ; but you should rule over it .
Son of man , speak to Pharaoh king of Egypt and to his host : To whom are you like in your greatness ?
And Moses said , When Jehovah gives you flesh to eat in the evening , and bread in the morning , to satisfaction ; when Jehovah hears your murmurings which you are murmuring against Him , you will see . And what are we ? Your murmurings are not against us , but against Jehovah .
And the border shall go forth to Ziphron , and the edge of it shall be at Hazar-enan ; this shall be your northern border .
But the sons of worthlessness said , How can this one deliver us ? And they despised him and did not bring a gift to him . But he was as one keeping silent .
And Hazael said , But what ! Is your servant a dog that he should do this great thing ? And Elisha said , Jehovah has shown me that you will be king over Syria .
And having looked intently at him , all those having sat in the sanhedrin , saw his face as if it were the face of an angel .
Jesus answered , Neither this one nor his parents sinned , but that the works of God might be revealed in him .

And the showers are withheld , and there has been no latter rain . And the forehead of a woman , a harlot was to you ; you refused to be ashamed .
to the only wise God through Jesus Christ , to whom be the glory forever . Amen .
And Moses chose men of ability from all Israel and made them heads over the people ; rulers of thousands , rulers of hundreds , rulers of fifties , and rulers of tens .
Likewise , indeed , also those dreaming ones even defile flesh , and despise rulership , and speak evil of glories .
Do to them as to Midian , as to Sisera , as to Jabin at the torrent Kishon .
And He said to me , Son of man , so says the Lord Jehovah : These are the statutes of the altar in the day of its being made to offer on it burnt offerings , and to sprinkle on it blood .
And it happened , on the third day , the day of Pharaoh's birth , he made a feast for all his servants . And he lifted up the head of the chief of the cupbearers and the head of the chief of the bakers in the midst of his servants .
But if any be ignorant , let him be ignorant .
And she bore to him Zimran , and Jokshan , and Medan , and Midian , and Ishbak , and Shuah .
and if you reject My statutes , and if your soul hates My judgments , so as not to do all My commands , to the breaking of My covenant ;
And they put a blue ribbon on it , to fasten it on the miter from above , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
The word which was to from Jehovah , after Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , had sent him from Ramah , when he had taken him ( and he was bound in chains , among all the captives of Jerusalem and Judah being exiled to Babylon ) .
It is an abomination for kings to commit wickedness , for the throne is made firm by righteousness .
And he said , Peace ! I have come to sacrifice to Jehovah . Sanctify yourselves and you shall come to me to the sacrifice . And he sanctified Jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
And the Philistines heard the noise of the shouting , and said , What is the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews ? And they saw that the ark of Jehovah had come into the camp .
And of the sons of Benjamin : Sallu the son of Meshullam , the son of Hodaviah , the son of Hasenuah ,
And they lived at Beersheba , and Moladah , and Hazar-shual ,
giving thanks at all times for all things in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , even to God the Father ,

and Beth-zur , and Shoco , and Adullam ,
They shall run as mighty ones ; they shall go up the wall as men of war . And they each go on his way , and they do not change their paths .
Then the people of Israel were divided into two parts : half of the people followed Tibni the son of Ginath to cause him to reign , and the other half after Omri .
And I will cut an everlasting covenant with them , that I will not turn away from them , to do good to them . But I will put My fear in their heart , that they shall not depart from Me .
According to works , so He will repay ; fury to His foes ; recompense to His foes ; He will repay recompense to the coasts .

These things are all to rot away in the using , according to the " injunctions and teachings of men . "
Remove from me the way of lying , and favor me with Your law .
one devout and fearing God , with all his household , both doing many alms to the people and praying continually to God .
And he spoke with them , saying , If it is your desire to bury my dead from before the eyes , hear me . Ask for me of Ephron the son of Zohar ,
Bows of the mighty are broken ; and they that stumble gird on strength .
He cried with might and said this : Cut down the tree and cut off its branches . Shake off its leaves and scatter its fruit . Let the animals flee from under it , and the birds leave its branches .

Yet I planted you a choice vine , wholly a true seed . How then have you turned into the degenerate shoots of an alien vine to Me ?
for we are His workmanship , created in Christ Jesus unto good works , which God before prepared that we should walk in them .
And the man , the house-master , went out to them and said to them , No , my brothers , please do not do evil , since this man has come into my house ; do not do this grave sin .
But if that slave should say in his heart , My lord delays to come , and should begin to beat the men servants and the female servants , and to eat and to drink and be drunk ,

And he measured the breadth from the face of the lower gate to the face of the inner court , on the outside , a hundred cubits eastward and northward .
And many among them shall stumble and fall , and be broken , and be snared , and be taken .
And out of the smoke locusts came forth to the earth . And authority was given to them , as the scorpions of the earth have authority .
And when a daughter of any priest pollutes herself by going whoring , she is polluting her father ; she shall be burned with fire .
By this , then , the iniquity of Jacob will be covered , and this is all the fruit , to take away his sin ; when he makes all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in pieces ; Asherahs and sun pillars shall not rise .
Do not give that which is holy to the dogs , nor throw your pearls before the pigs , that they should not trample them with their feet , and turning they may tear you .
The singers : The sons of Asaph , a hundred and twenty eight .
And all who fell during that day , of men and of women , were twelve thousand , all the men of Ai .

For the nations and the kingdom that will not serve you shall perish ; yea , the nations shall be utterly destroyed .
Your silver and your gold are mine , and your wives and your sons , the best , are mine .
And that one will show you a large upper room which he has spread . Prepare there .

And Israel and all belonging to him departed , and he came to Beersheba . And he sacrificed sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac .
And we cried to Jehovah , and He heard our voice , and sent a messenger , and is bringing us out of Egypt ; and , behold , we are in Kadesh , a city on the edge of your border .
then You shall hear in Heaven , and shall forgive the sin of Your servants , and of Your people Israel , for You shall teach them the good way in which they shall go , and shall give rain on Your land which You have given to Your people for an inheritance .
Women received their dead by resurrection ; but others were beaten to death , not accepting deliverance , that they might obtain a better resurrection .
So it shall be to all the men who have set their faces to go into Egypt to reside there . They shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the plague . And none of them shall remain or escape from the evil that I will bring on them .
And all the people went to eat , and to drink , and to send portions , and to make great rejoicing , because they had understood the words which were made known to them .
You shall fear Jehovah your God , and you shall serve Him , and you shall swear by His name .
Lords , give what is just and equal to the slaves , knowing that you have a Lord in Heaven also .
These six cities shall be for a refuge to the sons of Israel , and to an alien , and to a sojourner in their midst , that may flee there any person who kills anyone unawares .
And in Antioch some among the existing church were prophets and teachers : both Barnabas and Simeon , he being called Niger , and Lucius the Cyrenian , and Manaen the foster brother of Herod the tetrarch , and Saul .
He waters the hills from His upper rooms ; the earth is satisfied from the fruit of Your works .
the purchase of the field and the cave in it , from the sons of Heth .
We will go into the wilderness , a journey of three days , and sacrifice to Jehovah our God , as He may say to us .
And the jailer announced these words to Paul , The magistrates have sent that you be let go . Now , then , going out , proceed in peace .
On account of this , then , I called for you , to see and to speak to you . For I have this chain around me for the sake of the hope of Israel .
For what is his delight in his house after him , and his number of months is cut off .
And He taught , saying to them , Has it not been written , " My house shall be called a house of prayer for all the nations . " " But you have made it a den of robbers . " ?
Break the arm of the wicked and evil one ; search out his wickedness until You find none .
Lift up a banner on a bare mountain ; make the voice rise to them ; wave the hand that they may enter the gates of nobles .
Take counsel ; do judgment ; make your shadow as the night in midday ; hide the outcasts ; do not uncover the fugitive !
the king of Jericho , one ; the king of Ai , which is beside Bethel , one ;
And Saul and his son Jonathan , and the people who were found with them , were staying in Gibeah of Benjamin ; and the Philistines pitched in Michmash .
And in the synagogue was a man who had a spirit of an unclean demon . And he cried out with a loud voice ,
And on the second day you shall bring a perfect buck of the goats for a sin offering . And they shall cleanse the altar , as they cleansed it with the bull .
And Moses said , This is the thing which Jehovah has commanded , Fill an omer from it , to keep for your generations , so that they may see the bread which I caused you to eat in the wilderness , as I brought you out from the land of Egypt .
And it happened , passing through all , Peter also came down to the saints dwelling in Lydda .
And Saul disguised himself and put on other clothes . And he and two of the men with him went ; and they came to the woman by night . And he said , I beg you , divine for me by the familiar spirit , calling up the dead , and bring up to me him whom I say to you .
And returned , and all Israel with him , to the camp at Gilgal .
And I will cast filth on you and will disgrace you . And I will set you as a spectacle .
But you , son of man , behold , they shall put on you cords and shall bind you with them , and you shall not go out among them .
So the chief of the cupbearers returned and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah ; for he had heard that he had set out from Lachish .
And he said , Please do not forsake us , because you know as to how we encamp in the wilderness , and you shall be to us for eyes .

They made war with Bera king of Sodom , and with Birsha king of Gomorrah , Shinab king of Admah , and Shemeber king of Zeboiim , and the king of Bela , which is Zoar .
And they brought the ark of Jehovah in , and set it up in its place , in the midst of the tent that David had pitched for it . And David caused burnt offerings to be offered before Jehovah , and peace offerings .
And even as they did not think fit to have God in their knowledge , God gave them up to a reprobate mind , to do the things not right ,
By any whom I have sent to you , did I overreach you by him ?
And Pharaoh said to Joseph , In my dream , lo , I was standing on the lip of the River .
and the king made the almug trees a support for the house of Jehovah , and for the king's house , and harps and lyres for singers ; no such almug trees have come , nor have there been seen such to this day .
And king Ahaz cut off the borders of the bases , and removed the laver from them ; and took down the sea from off the bronze oxen under it , and put it on a pavement of stones .
and having been filled , you are in Him , who is the Head of all rule and authority ,
that you may walk becomingly toward those outside , and that you may have need of nothing .
And it shall be , when you hear the sound of the marching in the tops of the weeping trees , then you shall strike . For then Jehovah shall go out before you to strike the army of the Philistines .
either for three years of famine , or three months to be wasted before your adversaries , even to be overtaken by the sword of your enemies ; or the sword of Jehovah three days , even pestilence in the land , and the angel of Jehovah destroying throughout all the borders of Israel . And now , consider what answer I shall return to Him that sent me .
Lamed . Your Word is settled in Heaven forever , O Jehovah .
Therefore , a man shall leave his father and his mother , and shall cleave to his wife and they shall become one flesh .
I also will choose their vexations ; and I will bring their fears to them ; because I called , and no one answered ; I spoke , and they did not hear . But they did the evil in My eyes , and chose that in which I had no pleasure .
And we will cut trees out of Lebanon , according to all your need , and bring them to you by floats by sea to Joppa ; and you shall take them up to Jerusalem .

And He said to me , Son of man , these are the men who plot evil and advise wicked advice in this city ,
A Song of Ascents , for Solomon . If Jehovah does not build the house , they who build it labor in vain ; if Jehovah does not keep the city , the watchman stays awake in vain .
And Nadab and Abihu died for bringing strange fire before Jehovah .
And the near kinsman said to Boaz , Buy for yourself , and drew off his sandal .

And David reigned over all Israel , and David executed justice and righteousness to all his people .
And from the sons of Elam , Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah , and seventy males with him .
And the messenger came and told him , saying , They have brought the heads of the king's sons . And he said , Make them two heaps at the entrance of the gate until the morning .
Therefore , I am as a moth to Ephraim , and to the house of Judah as rottenness .
The twenty fourth to Romamti-ezer , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
For I rejoiced greatly at the coming of the brothers , also bearing witness of you in the truth , as you walk in truth .
And behold , you shall be silent and not able to speak until the day these things take place , because you did not believe my words which shall be fulfilled in their season .
who , having no guide , overseer or ruler ,
And the king went up to the house of Jehovah , and every man of Judah , and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem with him , and the priests , and the prophets , and all the people , from small to great ; and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of Jehovah .
And to Meshelemiah were sons and brothers , mighty sons : eighteen .
behold my breast is like wine that has no vent ; it bursts like new wineskins .
Keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking guile ;
And they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem , and he fled to Lachish . and they sent after him to Lachish and killed him there .
when his voice is gracious , do not believe him , for he has seven hateful things in his heart .
And I prayed to Jehovah for favor at that time , saying ,
And I will also be diligent to cause you always to have memory of these things after my departure .
For the famine has been in the midst of the land for two years . And there are still five years in which no plowing and harvest will be .
He is swift on the waters ; their part is cursed in the earth ; he does not face the way of the vineyards .
And there is hope for your future , says Jehovah , that your sons will come again to their own territory .
There is no one to plead your cause ; for your ulcer there are no healing medicines for you .
knowing that from the Lord you shall receive the reward of the inheritance . For you serve the Lord Christ .
But they said , Not during the Feast , lest there will be a tumult of the people .
The nakedness of the daughter of your father's wife , begotten by your father , she is your sister ; you shall not uncover her nakedness .
And he said to the near kinsman , Naomi , who has returned from the fields of Moab , will sell a portion of the field which belonged to our brother , to Elimelech .

Jehovah , the God of Israel , says , He hates sending away , and to cover with violence on his garment , says Jehovah of hosts . Then guard your spirit and do not act treacherously .
" Behold , He comes with the clouds , " and " every eye will see Him , and the ones who pierced " Him , and all the tribes of the earth " will wail on account of Him . " Yes , Amen .
Lord , pity my son . For he is moonstruck and suffers miserably . For he often falls into the fire , and often into the water .
saying , Touch not My anointed ; and , Do My prophets no harm .
so that they may keep you from the strange woman , from the alien with her flattering words .
And Rebekah had a brother , his name being Laban . And Laban ran out to the man , to the fountain .
Everyone remaining in Him does not sin . Everyone sinning has not seen Him , nor known Him .
And passing from there , Jesus saw a man named sitting at the tax office . And He said to him , Follow Me . And rising up , he followed Him .
And we plundered for ourselves all the livestock , and the plunder of the cities .
" And the nations will hope in His name . "
Guard your feet when you go to the house of God , and draw near to hear , more than to give a sacrifice , as do the fools . For they do not know that they are doing evil .
Blessed and holy is the one having part in the first resurrection . The second death has no authority over these , but they will be priests of God and of Christ , and will reign with Him a thousand years .
And Kish was Saul's father , and Ner Abner's father was the son of Abiel .
And the bones of Joseph which the sons of Israel brought up out of Egypt , they buried in Shechem , in the portion of the field which Jacob bought from the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem , for a hundred silver pieces . And they were for an inheritance to the sons of Joseph .

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying :
Then the priest shall wash his clothes , and he shall bathe his flesh in water , and afterward he may come into the camp ; and the priest shall be unclean until the evening .
Also to Hosah , of the sons of Merari , were sons : Simri the head , though not the first-born , yet his father made him the head ;
And I weighed to them the silver , and the gold , and the vessels , the offering of the house of our God , which the king and his counselors , and his lords , and all Israel who were there had lifted up .
You shall keep the Feast of Unleavened Bread . Seven days you shall eat unleavened bread , as I have commanded you , at the set time of the month of Abib . For in it you came out from Egypt , and they shall not appear before Me empty .
And on the third day Joseph said to them , Do this and live . I fear God .
And the son of Saul heard that Abner was dead in Hebron . And his hands were feeble ; and all those in Israel were terrified .
For not the one commending himself is the one approved , but the one whom the Lord commends .
Lo , we have heard of it at Ephratah ; we found it in the fields of the forest ;
Also I will tear your long veils and deliver My people out of your hand . And they shall not again be in your hand to be hunted . And you shall know that I am Jehovah .
For this reason I judge not to trouble those from the nations turning to God ,
But being terrified and filled with fear , they thought they saw a spirit .
And " Moses " truly " was faithful in all his house " as a ministering servant , for a testimony of the things having been spoken ;
Jehovah is for me among those who help me , and I shall see my desire on those who hate me .
then he shall lay his hand on the head of the sin offering and shall slaughter the sin offering in the place of the burnt offering .
all the cities of the tableland , and all Gilead , and all Bashan , to Salecah and Edrei , cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan .
Eliab , his son ; Jeroham , his son ; Elkanah , his son ;
though I were perfect , I would not know my own soul ; I despise my life .
And Joab and Abishai ran after Abner , and the sun was setting . And they came to the hill of Ammah which is before Giah , by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon .
And king Rehoboam made bronze shields in their place , and deposited them into the hand of the chiefs of the runners who kept the gate of the king's house .

And Abraham said to God , Oh that Ishmael might live before You !

And God did uncommon works of power through the hands of Paul ,
His bones are full of his youthful vigor , but it lies down on the dust with him .
And now Jehovah my God has given me rest all around ; there is no adversary nor evil happening .
And He said to them , You are from below ; I am from above . You are from this world ; I am not from this world .
And Naomi said to her daughter-in-law , Blessed is he of Jehovah who has not forsaken his kindness with the living and with the dead . And Naomi said to her , The man is near of kin to us ; he is of our redeemers .
Having purposed , He brought us forth by the word of truth , for us to be a certain firstfruit of His creatures .
And he waited seven days , according to the set time with Samuel . But Samuel had not come to Gilgal ; and the people were scattered from him .

And crossing over , they came into the land of Gennesaret and drew to shore .
before Jehovah ; for He comes to judge the earth ; with righteousness He shall judge the world , and the peoples in uprightness .
Behold , I am Jehovah , the God of all flesh . Is anything too difficult for Me ?
and your strength shall be consumed in vain , and your land shall not give her produce , and the tree of the land shall not give its fruit .

And day having come , there was not a little disturbance among the soldiers , saying , What , then , became of Peter ?
And if anyone hears My words and does not believe , I do not judge him ; for I did not come that I might judge the world , but that I might save the world .
O Jehovah , be merciful to Your people Israel , whom You have redeemed , and do not allow innocent blood in the midst of Your people Israel . And the blood shall be forgiven them .
And I will strike the people of this city , both man and beast . They shall die of a great plague .
And if your offering is a food offering baked in a pan , it shall be of unleavened fine flour , mixed with oil .
one golden pan of ten shekels full of incense ;
Surely she lies in wait , as for prey , and she increases the treacherous among men .
and one kid of the goats , a sin offering to atone for you ;
But they said to Him , We have nothing here except five loaves and two fish .
whom I have made strong from the ends of the earth , and called you from its sides ; and I said to you , You are My servant . I chose you , and have not rejected you .
And the servants of Amon conspired against him and killed the king in his own house .
And Judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the Adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman's hand . And he did not find her .
And all who heard laid them up in their hearts , saying , What then will this child be ? And the hand of the Lord was with him .
And the smoke of the incenses went up with the prayers of the saints out of the hand of the angel before God .
And they took their livestock and their property which they had acquired in the land of Canaan . And they came into Egypt , Jacob and all his seed with him .
And the men of Israel went out from Mizpah and pursued the Philistines , and struck them as far as below Beth-car .

So says Jehovah , Write this man childless , a man who will not prosper in his days . For not one from his seed will succeed , a man sitting on the throne of David and ruling any more in Judah .
And they reported to him and said , We came to the land where you sent us , and it surely does flow with milk and honey ; and this is its fruit .
The house of Jehovah was founded in the fourth year , in the month of Zif .
And if his offering is a sacrifice of peace offering , if he is offering it from the herd , whether male or female , a perfect one , he shall bring it near before the face of Jehovah .
And the sons of Israel , even the whole congregation , came into the wilderness of Zin in the first month ; and the people remained in Kadesh . And Miriam died there , and was buried there .
You shall not kindle a fire in all your dwellings on the day of the Sabbath .
And answering , He said to them , My mother and My brothers are these : the ones hearing the Word of God , and doing it .
I will declare Your name to My brothers ; I will praise You in the midst of the assembly .
behold , Jehovah shall strike with a great destruction among your people , and among your sons , and among your wives , and among all your goods ;
And Pharaoh spoke to Joseph , saying , Your father and your brothers have come in to you .
since He must often have suffered from the foundation of the world . But now once for all , at the completion of the ages , He has been manifested for putting away of sin through the sacrifice of Himself .
And much murmuring about Him was in the crowds . Some said , He is a good one ; but others said , No , but he deceives the crowd .
He beholds all high things ; he is king over all the sons of pride .
And with this agree the words of the prophets , as it has been written ,
And Manasseh and Ephraim , the sons of Joseph , inherited .


And reading it , they rejoiced at the comfort .
then he bought the hill Samaria from Shemer with two talents of silver , and built the hill , and called the name of the city that he built by the name of Shemer , the owner of the hill , that is Samaria .
Flash out lightning and scatter them ; send out Your arrows and confound them .
But Saul was more filled with power , and he confounded the Jews living in Damascus , proving that this One is the Christ .
Baldness has come on Gaza ; Ashkelon is ruined . O remnant of their valley , until when will you cut off yourself ?
But beginning , Peter set out to them in order , saying ,
And if it is a female , then your evaluation shall be thirty shekels .
And you shall observe a Feast of Weeks for yourself , the firstfruits of the harvest of wheat ; also the Feast of Ingathering at the turn of the year .
Do not be neglectful of the gift in you , which was given to you through prophecy , with laying on of the hands of the elderhood .
And you , son of man , I have set you as a watchman to the house of Israel . And you shall hear the word from My mouth and warn them from Me .
And David said , " Let their table become for a snare and a trap , and for a stumbling block , " and a repayment to them ;
And one of the hanged criminals blasphemed Him , saying , If you are the Christ , save yourself and us .
Open your mouth , judge righteously , and defend the poor and needy .
O daughter dwelling in Egypt , get ready to go into captivity . For Noph shall be a waste , and set afire , without inhabitant .
And every heave offering of all the holy things of the sons of Israel which they bring to the priest shall be his .
In the thirty first year of Asa the king of Judah , Omri began to reign over Israel , twelve years . He reigned six years in Tirzah ;
And Moses was a son of eighty years , and Aaron was a son of eighty three years when they spoke to Pharaoh .
For I know my Redeemer is living , and He shall rise on the earth at the last ;
You may work six days , and on the seventh day you shall rest . In plowing time and in harvest you shall rest .
But you do wrong , and defraud , and these things to brothers !
If anyone has ears to hear , let him hear .
I wonder that you are so quickly being transferred from Him having called you by the grace of Christ to another gospel ,
The spirit of a man will nourish his sickness , but who can bear a wounded spirit ?
And a stone was brought and laid on the mouth of the den . And the king sealed it with his own signet , and with the signet of his nobles , that the affair may not change concerning Daniel .

so that you are not lacking in any gift , awaiting the revelation of our Lord , Jesus Christ ,
If I have seen any perish for lack of clothing , or there was no covering for the needy ;
And Nahor lived twenty nine years and fathered Terah .
Cursed is he who perverts the judgment of the alien , the fatherless , and widow ! And all the people shall say , Amen !


And Timna was a concubine to Esau's son , Eliphaz , and she bore Amalek to Eliphaz . These were the sons of Esau's wife Adah .
But the Amorites were determined to live in Mount Heres , in Aijalon , and in Shaalbim . Yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed , so that they became burden-bearers .
He has not allowed any to oppress them ; yea , for their sake He has reproved kings :
And she sits at the door of her house , in a seat in the high places of the city ,
But knowing their thoughts , answering Jesus said to them , Why do you reason in your hearts ?
Now , O Jehovah God , Your word with my father David is confirmed , for You have made me to reign over a people as many as the dust of the earth .
take heed to yourself that you not be snared to follow them after they have been destroyed before you ; and that you not inquire after their gods , saying , How did these nations serve their gods ? And I shall do so , even I .
And on the next day it happened that the evil spirit from God came on Saul . And he prophesied in the midst of the house ; and David was playing with his hand , as he did day by day . And Saul's spear was in his hand .
I have seen an end to all perfection ; Your command is exceedingly broad .
And Solomon loved Jehovah , to walk in the statutes of his father David . Only , he was sacrificing in high places and burning incense .
and you moan when your end comes , when your flesh and muscle are eaten away ;

Behold ! Seven years of great plenty are coming in all the land of Egypt .
In His days the righteous shall flourish , and plenty of peace , till the moon is not .
And the Jews in Shushan also assembled on the fourteenth day of the month Adar and killed three hundred men at Shushan ; but they did not lay their hands on the spoil .
And the thing that the king asks is rare . And there is no other who may reveal it before the king , except the gods , whose dwelling is not with flesh .
The fig tree spices her unripe figs , and the vines give a fragrance by the blossom . Arise , My love ; come , My beautiful one , and come yourself .
and might set these free , as many as by fear of death were subject to slavery through all the time to live .

And going in , He passed through Jericho .
The one overcoming , this one shall be clothed in white garments , and I will not at all blot his name out of the Book of Life ; and I will acknowledge his name before My Father , and before His angels .
And you shall speak all these words to them , but they will not listen to you . And you will call to them , but they will not answer you .
And Laban gave to her Zilpah , his slave-girl , to his daughter Leah as a slave .
Bless Jehovah , all His works in all the places of His dominion ; bless Jehovah , O my soul .
They shall throw their silver in the streets , and their gold shall be an impure thing . Their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of Jehovah . They shall not satisfy their soul , and they shall not fill their bowels , for their iniquity has become a stumbling-block for them .
The one believing into the Son has everlasting life ; but the one disobeying the Son will not see life , but the wrath of God remains on him .
I will remember my song in the night ; I will speak with my own heart , and my spirit carefully searches .
My little children , let us not love in word , or in tongue , but in deed and in truth .

and keep his charge , and the charge of all the congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation , to do the work of the tabernacle .
And they were moved into Shechem , and were put in the tomb which Abraham bought for a price of silver from the sons of Hamor of Shechem .
And Noah was five hundred years old . And Noah fathered Shem , Ham , and Japheth .
And the thing was good in the eyes of the sons of Israel , and the sons of Israel blessed God and no more said to go up against them to war , to destroy the land which the sons of Reuben and the sons of Gad were living in .
If , then , you truly have judgments of this life , those being least esteemed in the church , you sit these .
And the two ran together , and the other disciple ran in front more quickly than Peter and came first to the tomb .
But when a man has no redeemer , and his own hand has reached out , and he has enough for its redemption ,
A scorner seeks wisdom , but finds it not , yet knowledge is swift to the discerning .

and Jacob fathered Joseph , the husband to be of Mary , out of whom Jesus was born , the One called Christ .
Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite , Abiezer the Anethothite ,
And they said to him , We have come down to bind you , to give you into the hands of the Philistines . And Samson said to them , Swear to me that you will not fall on me yourselves .
And Husham died , and Hadad the son of Bedad , who smote Midian in the field of Moab , reigned in his place ; and the name of his city , Avith .
And Saul and all the people with him gathered together and went to the battle . And , behold , every man's sword was against his fellow , a very great panic !
And I will clothe him with your robe and will fasten your sash on him . And I will give your authority into his hand . And he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem and to the house of Judah .
Who is this that comes up from the wilderness , leaning on her Beloved ? I awakened you under the apple tree ; there your mother travailed with you ; there she travailed ; she bore you .
Then these men met before the king and said to the king , O king , know that the law of the Medes and Persians is that every ban or law which the king enacts may not be changed .
And after this it happened ; it had been in the heart of Joash to renew the house of Jehovah ;
And the one who received the one talent also coming up , he said , Lord , I knew you , that you are a hard man , reaping where you did not sow , and gathering where you did not scatter ;
And the valley of Siddim was full of asphalt pits , and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled , and fell there . And they that remained fled to the mountain .
And Amaziah the son of Joash the king of Judah lived fifteen years after the death of Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz the king of Israel .
And they shall know that I am Jehovah when I shall scatter them among the nations and disperse them in the lands .
Behold , he is confident , even if Jordan burst forth against his mouth .

The twenty second to Giddalti , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
And Sarah denied , saying , I did not laugh ; for she was afraid . And He said , No , but you did laugh .
And it happened on the next day , they coming down from the mountain , a huge crowd met Him .
a fruitful land to a salty desert ; because of the wickedness of those who live in it .
And on his hand , Amasiah the son of Zichri , who volunteered himself to Jehovah ; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valor .
And the sons of Reuben , and the sons of Gad , and the half tribe of Manasseh answered and spoke with the heads of the thousands of Israel ,
Who made the Bear , Orion , and Pleiades , and the chambers of the south ;
For after all these things the nations seek . For your heavenly Father knows that you have need of all these things .
that He might present it to Himself as the glorious church , not having spot or wrinkle , or any such things , but that it be holy and without blemish .
But You , O Jehovah , are exalted forever .
And Hazael the king of Syria oppressed Israel all the days of Jehoahaz .
But the hair of his head began to grow , for he had been shaved .
And finding disciples , we remained there seven days ; who told Paul through the Spirit not to go up to Jerusalem .
We grope for the wall like the blind , and we grope as if we had no eyes ; we stumble at noonday as in the twilight , in deserted places like the dead .
But Pilate said to them , For what evil did he do ? But they much more cried out , Crucify him !
And he measured the breadth of the gate opening , ten cubits ; the length of the gate was thirteen cubits .
And they pulled up from The Pomegranate Breach and camped in Libnah .
Give a share to seven , or even to eight ; for you do not know what evil may be on the earth .
Surely , they plotted to cast him down from his excellent dignity ; they delight in lies ; they bless with their mouth , but they curse in their heart . Selah .
You have seen all their vengeance , all their plots against me .
In the transgression of the lips is the snare of evil , but the righteous will come out from distress .
And it happened at the end of two months , she returned to her father . And he did to her his vow which he had vowed . And she never knew a man . And it is a fixed custom in Israel ,
And I say this , brothers , that flesh and blood is not able to inherit the kingdom of God , nor does corruption inherit incorruption .

and old and patched sandals on their feet ; and old garments on them . And all their provision of bread was dry ; it was crumbs .
And this is the border of the land to the north side , from the Great Sea , the way of Hethlon to the entrance of Zedad :
So now make good your ways and your doings , and obey the voice of Jehovah your God , and Jehovah will repent toward the evil that He has spoken against you .
And when he heard it said of Tirhakah the king of Ethiopia , Behold , he is coming out to fight against you , he sent messengers again to Hezekiah , saying ,
And others received trial of mockings and of floggings ; yea , more , of bonds and of prison :

And sons were born to Bela : Addar , and Gera , and Abihud ,
The wise hears and increases learning , and the understanding ones gets wise counsel ,
the depths cover them ; they have dropped into the depths like a stone .
Jesus answered and said to them , I did one work , and you all marvel .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses saying :
Your dead bodies shall fall in this wilderness , even all your numbered ones , as to your whole number , from twenty years old and upward , in that you have murmured against Me .
To the chief musician . On Jeduthun . A Psalm of Asaph . My voice is to God , and I cry ; my voice is to God , and He listened to me .
How do you not perceive that it was not about loaves that I said to you to beware of from the leaven of the Pharisees and Sadducees ?
But if the priest looks at it , ; and , behold , there is no white hair in it , and it is not lower than the skin , and has become dim , then the priest shall shut him up seven days .
And seeing this , Peter answered to the people , Men , Israelites , why do you marvel at this one ? Or why do you stare at us , as if by our own power or godliness we have made him to walk ?
And Jehu filled his hand with a bow and struck Jehoram between his arms . And the arrow went out from his heart . And he sank down in his chariot .
And as they finished all things according to the Law of the Lord , they returned to Galilee , to Nazareth their city .
even as you also in part recognized us , that we are your glorying , even as also you are ours in the day of the Lord Jesus .
And why is Jehovah bringing us into this land to fall by the sword ? Our wives and our infants shall become a prey . Is it not good for us to return to Egypt ?
So says Jehovah , He who remains in this city shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the plague . But he who goes forth to the Chaldeans shall live ; and his life shall be a prize ; and he shall live .
Then I went into the regions of Syria and of Cilicia ,
Lo , these are the edges of His ways ; yea , what a whisper of a word we hear of Him ! And the thunder of His might , who can understand ?
At that time king Ahaz sent to the king of Assyria to help him .

And Hananiah spoke for the eyes of the people saying , So says Jehovah , Even so I will break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the time of two years . And the prophet went his way .
He turned their rivers into blood , also their streams that they might not drink .
And the boy came to the place of the arrow which Jonathan had shot . And Jonathan called after the boy and said , Is the arrow not away from you and onwards ?
Rise up and go ! For because of destroying uncleanness , even a grievous destruction , this is not your rest .

For God having made promise to Abraham , since He had no greater to swear by , " He swore by Himself , "
And the daughter of Zion is left a booth in a vineyard , like a hut in a cucumber field , like a besieged city .
And Moses went from the mountain to the people . And he sanctified the people , and they washed their clothes .
There was a man in the land of Uz , his name was Job . And this man was perfect and upright , and fearing God , and turning away from evil .
And the sons of Onam : Shammai and Jada . And the sons of Shammai : Nadab and Abishur .
for it is a day of trouble , and of trampling down , and of perplexity , by the Lord , Jehovah of Hosts , in the valley of vision ; digging down a wall , and crying to the mountain .
And He will be the security of your times , strength of salvation , wisdom , and knowledge ; the fear of Jehovah is His treasure .
Dealing slyly with our race , this one oppressed our fathers , causing their infants to be exposed so as not to be kept alive .

You shall plant vineyards , and shall labor , and you shall not gather , nor drink wine ; for the worm will devour it .
And he put the poles into the rings on the sides of the altar , to lift it with them . He made it hollow with planks .
Simon Peter , a slave and apostle of Jesus Christ , to those equally precious with us , having obtained faith in the righteousness of our God and our Savior , Jesus Christ :
And now rise up ; go out and speak to the heart of your servants . For I have sworn by Jehovah that if you do not go out , not a man shall remain with you tonight . And this would be worse for you than all the evil that has come on you from your youth until now .
Awake ! Awake ! Arm of Jehovah , put on strength . Awake , as in days of old , everlasting generations . Was it not You cutting in pieces Rahab , and piercing the sea monster ?
You shall walk after Jehovah your God , and you shall fear Him . And you shall keep His commandments , and you shall hear His voice , and you shall serve Him , and you shall cleave to Him .
And Egypt is a man , and not God . And their horses are flesh , and not spirit . And Jehovah stretches out His hand , and both he who helps shall fall , and he who is helped shall fall ; and they shall all cease together .
And he came beside my place . And when he came , I feared and fell on my face . But he said to me , O son of man , understand , for the vision is for the time of the end .
And the priest shall put of the oil on his palm on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of the right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot , on the place of the blood of the guilt offering .
I wrote these things to you concerning the ones leading you astray .
And on the sixth day eight bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs , sons of a year , perfect ones ;
Should your overflowing springs be scattered outside , like rivers of waters in the streets ?
O Lord , open my lips and my mouth shall declare Your praise .
And all profaning may not at all enter into it , or any making an abomination or a lie ; but only the ones having been written in the Book of Life of the Lamb .

For He does not afflict from His heart , nor does He grieve the sons of man ,
But God turned and gave them over to serve the host of the heaven , as it has been written in the book of the Prophets : " Did you bring slain beasts and sacrifices to Me forty years in the wilderness , O house of Israel ?
But let patience have its perfective work , that you may be perfect and complete , lacking nothing .

And the doorposts shook from the voice of the one who cried ; and the house was filled with smoke .
He said to them , Come and see . They went and saw where He stayed , and they remained with Him that day . And the hour was about the tenth .
So I came to Jerusalem and was there three days .
And Maachah the wife of Machir bore a son , and she called his name Peresh . And the name of his brother was Sheresh ; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem .
Because of this I beg you to take of food , for this is to your deliverance , for not a hair of your head shall perish .
Greet all the brothers with a holy kiss .
Behold , you trust on the staff of this broken reed , on Egypt , which if a man leans on it , it goes into his palm and pierces it ; so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him .
always at my prayers , beseeching if by any means now at length I shall be blessed by the will of God to come to you .
But David knew that Saul was devising evil against him . And he said to Abiathar the priest , Bring the ephod near .
I also will save My flock , and they shall no longer be for a prey . And I will judge between lamb and lamb .
I , Jehovah , keep it ; I will water it every moment , that no one punish it ; I will guard it night and day .
You have redeemed Your people with Your arm , the sons of Jacob and Joseph . Selah .
And in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam the son of Nebat , Abijam reigned over Judah .
But as they stretched him with the thongs , Paul said to the centurion standing by , Is it lawful for you to flog a man , a Roman not found guilty ?
saying , Behold , a people has come out of Egypt which covers the eye of the earth . Now come , curse them for me ; perhaps I will be able to overcome it and drive it out .
And standing them in the midst , they were inquiring , By what sort of power , or by what sort of name did you do this ?

And one called the name of the place , Massah , and , Meribah because of the wrangling of the sons of Israel , and because of their testing of Jehovah , saying , Is Jehovah in our midst , or not ?

Then Nebuchadnezzar in anger and wrath commanded to bring Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego . Then they brought these men before the king .
And after the reading of the Law , and of the Prophets , the synagogue rulers sent to them , saying , Men , brothers , if there is a word of exhortation to the people , speak .

to Gershon : his son Libni ; Jahath , his son ; Zimmah , his son ;
Let Israel hope in Jehovah , from now and till forever .
Now I , Nebuchadnezzar , praise and exalt and honor the King of Heaven , for all His works are truth , and His ways are justice . And He is able to humble those who walk in pride .

But the son of Paul's sister hearing of the ambush , having come near , and entering into the fortress , reported to Paul .
And Joab said , As God lives , for if you had not spoken , surely then in the morning the people would have gone up , each one from following his brother .
for the weapons of our warfare are not fleshly , but powerful to God in order to pull down strongholds ,
They have broken down my path ; they profit by my ruin ; they have no helper .

And he said , You know that the kingdom was mine , and all Israel had set their faces toward me to reign . Yet the kingdom has been turned around and is my brother's , because it was his from Jehovah .

And you shall not steal .
Jehovah thundered from the heavens , and the Most High gave forth His voice .
In their sight dig for yourself through the wall , and carry out through it .
And it shall be , it you will not heed the voice of your God , to take heed to do all His commandments and His statutes which I am commanding you today , even all these curses shall come on you and overtake you :
in whom we have redemption through His blood , the forgiveness of sins , according to the riches of His grace
A man who flatters his neighbor spreads a net for his steps .
to Him be the glory in the church in Christ Jesus , to all the generations of the age forever . Amen .
Hear my prayer , O Jehovah , and give ear to my cry . Do not be silent at my tears , for I am an alien with You , a pilgrim , as were all my fathers .
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the sons of Dan by their families , these cities and their villages .
But He said to them , Do not be amazed . You seek Jesus the Nazarene who has been crucified . He was raised . He is not here . See the place where they put Him ?
The fear of Jehovah is a fountain of life , to turn away from snares of death .
And David asked of Jehovah , saying , Shall I pursue this troop ? Shall I overtake it ? And He said to him , Pursue for you shall certainly overtake , and shall certainly recover .
then You shall hear from Heaven , from Your dwelling place , and shall do according to all that the stranger calls to You ; so that all the people of the earth shall know Your name , so as to fear You , as Your people Israel , and to know that Your name is called on this house that I have built .
And they came to the land of Zuph , and Saul said to his young man with him , Come and we shall turn back , lest my father give up the asses and become anxious for us .

And I spoke to you at that time , saying , I am not able to bear you by myself .
And you , Bethlehem Ephratah , being least among the thousands of Judah , out of you He shall come forth to Me to become Ruler in Israel ; and His goings forth have been from of old , from the days of eternity .
And answering , the governor said to them , From the two , which do you wish that I release to you ? And they said , Barabbas .
He gives power to the faint , and to him with no vigor He increases might .
And said , Oh Lord Jehovah , why have You at all caused this people to cross over the Jordan to give us into the hands of the Amorites , to destroy us ? And , Oh that we have been willing , and that we had dwelt beyond the Jordan !
And He put forth the form of a hand and took me by a lock of my head . And the Spirit lifted me up between the earth and the heavens and brought me to Jerusalem ( in the visions of God ) , to the opening of the inner gate facing north , where there was a seat of the image of jealousy , which causes jealousy .


And these You have hidden in Your heart ; I know that this was with You .
And all the people would see the pillar of the cloud standing at the door of the tabernacle . And all the people rose and bowed themselves , each one at the door of his tent .
But the meek shall inherit the earth , and they shall delight themselves in abundant peace .
But taking him , they beat him , and sent him away empty .
And men of the leaders of the Ephraimites : Azariah the son of Johanan , Berechiah , Meshillemoth's son , and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum , and Amasa the son of Hadlai , rose up against those coming in from the army .
to whom He said , This is the rest ; cause the weary to rest . Also , This is the repose . But they willed not to hear .
And the slave ran to meet her and said , Please let me sip a little water from your pitcher
to devise designs , to work in gold and in silver and in bronze ,
And I , John , was the one seeing and hearing these things . And when I heard and saw , I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel showing me these things .

But if you will not go out to the rulers of the king of Babylon , even this city shall be given into the hands of the Chaldeans , and they will burn it with fire . And you shall not escape out of their hand .
And Peter recalled the word of Jesus , saying to him , Before a cock crows , you will deny Me three times . And going out , he wept bitterly .
To know wisdom and instruction ; to understand the words of understanding ;
These are the Waters of Strife , because the sons of Israel contended with Jehovah , and He was sanctified upon them .
Dedan was your merchant in loose cloths for riding .
And bending down again , He wrote in the earth .
For I desired mercy , and not sacrifice ; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings .
The young lions have lacked and been hungry ; but they who seek Jehovah shall not lack any good thing .
nor provision bag for the road , nor two tunics , nor sandals , nor staves . For the worker is worthy of his food .
of the baptisms , of doctrine , and of laying on of hands , and of resurrection of dead ones , and of eternal judgment .
And the servants of Hadarezer saw that they had been stricken before Israel , and they made peace with David and served him ; and Syria was not willing to help the Ammonites any more .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
You shall not eat it in order that it may be well with you and with your sons after you , when you do that which is right in the eyes of Jehovah .
And David acted wisely in all his ways , and Jehovah was with him .
O sing to Jehovah a new song ; sing to Jehovah , all the earth .
Instead of your being forsaken and hated , so that no one passes through , I will make you for everlasting majesty , a joy of many generations .
The words of Jehovah are pure words , like silver refined in an earthen furnace , purified seven times .
I wrote to you in the letter not to associate with fornicators ;
And David heard , then he sent Joab and all the army , the mighty men .

And Moses said to Jehovah , O Lord , I am not a man of words , either from yesterday or the third day , nor since You have been speaking to Your bondslave . For I am slow of mouth and slow of tongue .
But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God ; I trust in the mercy of God forever and ever .
Speak to the sons of Israel saying , When a person sins against any of the commands of Jehovah through ignorance , which is not to be done , and shall do any one of them ;
The sons of Mushi : Mahli , and Eder , and Jerimoth . These were the sons of the Levites according to their father's house .
And by this we know that we have known Him , if we keep His commands .
And Jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance , and contracted a marriage with Ahab .
And after three days , it happened that Paul called together those being chief of the Jews . And they coming together , he said to them , Men , brothers , I did nothing contrary to the people , or to the ancestral customs . I was delivered a prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans ,
Now the God of Peace , He leading up out of the dead , the great Shepherd of the sheep , in the blood of the everlasting covenant , our Lord Jesus ,

And the fourth was Adonijah the son of Haggith . And the fifth was Shephatiah the son of Abital .
O Lord , how long will You look on ? Draw back my soul from their desolations , my only one from the lions .
And Abner the son of Ner and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon .
And he said to him , Well done , good slave ! Because you were faithful in a least thing , have authority over ten cities .
And the rest of Gilead , and all Bashan , the kingdom of Og , I gave to the half tribe of Manasseh ; all the region of Argob , to all Bashan that is called the land of the giants .
And Jesus said to him , Today salvation has come to this house , for he also is a son of Abraham .
And when they complete their witness , the beast coming up out of the abyss will make war with them , and will overcome them , and will kill them .
For many falsely testified against Him , but the testimonies were not identical .
the burnt offering of the sabbath on its sabbath , besides the continual burnt offering and its drink offering .
And the wheat and the spelt were not stricken , for they were late .
And they said to him , Please ask of God and we will know whether our way in which we are going will be prosperous .
Truly I say to you , Until the heaven and the earth pass away , in no way shall one iota or one tittle pass away from the law until all comes to pass .
And turning to the woman , He said to Simon , Do you see this woman ? I came into your house . You did not give water for My feet , but she washed My feet with tears and wiped off with the hairs of her head .
And at a feast , the governor customarily released one prisoner to the crowd , whom they wished .
But I have a few things against you , that you have there those holding the teachings of Balaam , who taught Balak to throw a stumbling-block before the sons of Israel , to eat idol sacrifices , and to commit fornication .
and he himself went into the wilderness a day's journey , and came and sat under a certain broom tree . And he begged for his life , that he might die , and said , Enough , now , O Jehovah ; take my life , for I am no better than my fathers .
And Jesus said to them , How many loaves do you have ? And they said , Seven , and a few small fish .
And he also commanded the second , also the third , even all the ones going after the droves , saying , You shall speak this word to Esau when you find him .
Let them thank Jehovah for His mercy , and His wonders to the sons of man .
in order to establish your hearts blameless in holiness before our God and our Father at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all His saints .
And because lawlessness shall have been multiplied , the love of the many will grow cold .

I entreat Euodias , and I entreat Syntyche , to mind the same thing in the Lord .
And Jehovah again called Samuel , the third time . And he rose up and went to Eli and said , Behold , I am here , for you have called me . And Eli understood at Jehovah was calling the boy .
For our fathers have acted slyly and did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah our God , and they have forsaken Him and turned their faces away from the temple of Jehovah , and have given their backs .
Your sail was of fine linen with embroidered work from Egypt , an ensign for you , violet and purple from the coasts , of Elishah was your covering .
When Pashur the son of Immer , the priest ( he also was chief officer in the house of Jehovah ) , heard prophesying these things ,
And he caused him to reign over Gilead , and over the Ashurites , and over Jezreel , and over Ephraim , and over Benjamin , and over all Israel .
And Zadok and Abiathar took the ark of God back to Jerusalem . And they remained there .
Do you not perceive nor recall the five loaves of the five thousand , and how many hand baskets you took up ?
And the sons of Ammon were called together , and camped in Gilead . And the sons of Israel were gathered , and camped in Mizpeh
So , O Oholibah , the Lord Jehovah says this : Behold , I will arouse your lovers against you , from whom your soul is alienated . And I will bring them against you from all around ,
Why did I not die from the womb , come from the womb and expire ?
Elam the fifth , Jehohanan the sixth , Elioenai the seventh .
You shall eat the flesh of the mighty , and drink the blood of the rulers of the earth , of rams , lambs , goats , and bulls , all of them fatlings of Bashan .
He who sows injustice will reap evil , and the rod of his wrath shall fail .

And the Light of Israel shall be for a fire , and his Holy One for a flame ; and it shall burn and devour his thorns and briers in one day .
But God said to him , Fool ! This night they demand your soul from you ; and that which you prepared , to whom will it be ?
And I will stretch out My hand on them and make the land a desolation even more desolate than the desert toward Diblath , in all their dwelling places . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
without father , without mother , without genealogy , nor beginning of days , nor having end of life , but having been made like the Son of God , he remains a priest in perpetuity ) .
And he measured the porch of the gate , eight cubits ; and its pillars , two cubits , also the porch of the gate from the house .
For it is thus in the midst of the land , among the peoples , it shall be as the shaking of an olive tree , and as gleanings when the grape harvest is completed .
Is it a small thing to you to have fed on the good pasture , but you must trample the rest of your pastures with your feet ? And have you drunk of the clear waters , but the rest you must foul with your feet ?
And Sarah laughed within herself , saying , After my being old , shall there be pleasure to me ; my lord also being old ?
Why have You broken down its walls , so that it is plucked by all who pass by the way ?
And now , behold , being bound by the Spirit , I go to Jerusalem , not knowing the things going to meet me in it ,
so , behold , I will stretch out My hand on you and will give you as a prize to the nations . And I will cut you off from the peoples , and I will make you perish from the lands ; I will destroy you , and you shall know that I am Jehovah .
And they ministered with singing before the resting place of the tabernacle of the congregation , until Solomon had built the house of Jehovah in Jerusalem . And they waited on their office according to their ordinance .
But I saw , and there was not a man ; and of these , there was not a counselor , that I may ask them , and they could answer a word .
But He who comforts the lowly comforted us by the presence of Titus .
And in the sixth month , the angel Gabriel was sent by God to a city of Galilee named Nazareth ,
And there was evening , and there was morning the fourth day .
For my mouth shall speak of truth , and wickedness is hateful to my lips .
And he said to me , Do not seal the words of the prophecy of this Book , because the time is near .
You may not eat the tithe of your grain within your gates , and of your new wine , and your oil , and the firstlings of your herd and of your flock , and any of your vows which you vow , and your freewill offering , and the heave offering of your hand .

Then there were seven brothers . And having taken a wife , the first died childless .

And the chiefs of the fathers , and the chiefs of the tribes of Israel , and the commanders of the thousands , and the hundreds , even the chiefs of the king's work , offered willingly ,
Let them be turned back for a reward of their shame , those who say , Aha , aha !
Do not be as your fathers , to whom the former prophets have proclaimed to them , saying , So says Jehovah of hosts : Turn now from your evil ways and your evil doings . But they did not hear or give heed to Me , says Jehovah .
And he sent the letters to all the Jews , to the hundred and twenty seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus words of peace and truth ,
Remove your ways far from her , and do not come near to the door of her house ,

And the cherubs rose up . This is the living creature that I saw by the river Chebar .

And continued to the first year of king Cyrus .
Through Jehovah's word the heavens were made , and all their host by the breath of His mouth .
that He may give you , according to the riches of His glory , by His power to become mighty in the inward man through His Spirit ,
He is my mercy and my fortress , my high tower and my deliverer , my shield , and in Him I take refuge , in Him who humbles my people under me .
Of all that are in the waters , you shall eat these ; any one that has fins and scales in the waters , in the seas , and in the torrents , you may eat them .
Then some of the Pharisees said , This man is not from God , because He does not keep the sabbath . Others said , How can a man , a sinner , do such miracles ? And there was a division among them .
And God came to Balaam and said , Who are these men with you ?
And it happened as he was telling the king how he had revived the dead , then , behold , the woman whose son he had revived was crying to the king for her house and for her field . And Gehazi said , My lord , O king , this is the woman , and this is her son whom Elisha revived .
And the Egyptians shall know that I am Jehovah when I send forth My hand on Egypt and bring out the sons of Israel from their midst .
So speaks Jehovah , God of Israel , saying , Write for yourself all the words that I have spoken to you in a book .
The Portion of Jacob is not like them , for He is the Former of all things , and Israel is the Rod of His inheritance , Jehovah of Hosts , is His name .
Sing to God , kingdoms of the earth , praises to the Lord . Selah .
And He said , Do not come near here pull off your sandals from your feet , for the place on which you are standing is holy ground .
For being ignorant of the righteousness of God , and seeking to establish their own righteousness , they did not submit to the righteousness of God .
And under these rooms was the entrance on the east side as one goes into them from the outer court .
The temple doorposts were squared , and the face of the sanctuary , the appearance as its appearance .
And by great waters , the seed of Sihor and the harvest of the river Nile was her revenue ; and she a mart of nations .
And Jesus said to them , Watch ! And beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and Sadducees .
He sent swarms of flies against them , and they devoured them ; also frogs , and they destroyed them .
And He shall judge between many peoples , and will decide for strong nations afar off . And they shall beat their swords into plowshares , and their spears into pruning hooks . Nation shall not lift up a sword against nation , nor shall they learn war still .
Jehovah upholds all who fall , and raises up all who are bowed down .
In that day you shall not be ashamed from all your doings in which you have transgressed against Me . For then I will take away those who rejoice in your pride out of your midst , and you shall not again be proud any more in My holy mountain .
And fearing lest they should fall on rock places , and casting four anchors out of the stern , they wished day to come .
And I , Daniel , alone saw the vision . For the men who were with me did not see the vision . But a great trembling fell on them so that they fled to hide themselves .
Who has given the earth as in deposit with Him ? Or who has laid the whole world ?
And Hananiah died the same year in the seventh month .
Then bring forth fruits worthy of repentance , and do not begin to say within yourselves , We have Abraham as father . For I say to you that God is able to raise up children to Abraham out of these stones .


Because this people has refused the waters of Shiloah that flow softly , and rejoices in Rezin and Remaliah's son ,
Are you greater than our father Jacob who gave us the well , and he and his sons and his livestock drank out of it ?
But her husband to be Joseph being just , and not willing to make her a public example , he purposed to put her away secretly .
Adulterers and adulteresses ! Do you not know that the friendship of the world is enmity with God ? Whoever , then , purposes to be a friend of the world is shown to be an enemy of God .
And Jehovah was not willing to destroy the house of David , for the sake of the covenant that He made with David , and as He had spoken , to give a lamp to him and to his sons forever .
Zebulun did not expel the inhabitants of Kitron , and the inhabitants of Nahalol ; but the Canaanites lived among them , and they became burden-bearers .
And you shall flee to the valley of My mountains , for the valley of the mountains shall reach to Azal . And you shall flee as you fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah , king of Judah . And Jehovah my God shall come , and all the saints with You .
Anyone lying with an animal , he surely shall be put to death .
Rob not the poor because he is poor , and oppress not the afflicted in the gate .
For You , O God , have heard my vows ; You appointed the inheritance of those who fear Your name .
Every place on which the sole of your foot shall tread , I have given it to you , as I spoke to Moses .
Remember now your Creator in the days of your youth , while the evil days do not come , or the years draw near when you shall say , I have no pleasure in them ;
And you take spices for yourself , the best , five hundred of pure myrrh , and its half of spicy cinnamon , two hundred and fifty shekels , and two hundred and fifty of aromatic calamus ;
The name of the first was Pishon ; it is the one surrounding all the land of Havilah where gold is ;
And the sons of Israel did not strike them , for the leaders of the congregation swore to them by Jehovah the God of Israel . And all the congregation murmured against the leaders .
In the six hundredth year of Noah's life , in the second month , in the seventeenth day of the month , in this day all the fountains of the great deep were risen , and the windows of the heavens were opened up .

Jesus said to him , You said it . I tell you more . From this time you shall see the Son of man sitting off the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the heavens .
Gad , a raiding band shall attack him , and he shall attack their heel .
And at once all the crowd seeing Him were greatly amazed . And running up , they greeted Him .
So says Jehovah , Hold back your voice from weeping , and your eyes from tears . For there will be a reward for your work , says Jehovah , and they shall come again from the land of the enemy .

And Shobal the father of Kirjath-jearim had sons : Haroeh , and half of the Manahethites .
There is a vanity which is done on the earth : There are just ones to whom it happens according to the work of the wicked ; and there are wicked men to whom it happens according to the work of the righteous . I said that this also is vanity .

And calling out , they inquired if Simon being surnamed Peter is lodged here .
And Israel said , It is enough ! My son Joseph is alive ; I will go and see him before I die .
To the chief musician . A Psalm of David . May Jehovah answer you in the day of distress ; the name of the God of Jacob set you on high .

And over the army of the tribe of the sons of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur .
But let him ask in faith , doubting nothing . For the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea , being driven by wind and being tossed ;
And he came there to the cave , and lodged there ; and behold , the word of Jehovah came to him , and said to him , What are you doing here , Elijah ?
Have the gods of the nations delivered them , which my fathers have destroyed , Gozan , and Haran , and Rezeph , and the sons of Eden in Telassar ?
And Kore the son of Imnah the Levite , the gatekeeper at the east , was over the freewill offerings of God , to distribute the heave offerings of Jehovah , and the most holy things .
But truthfully I say to you , There were many widows in Israel in the days of Elijah when the heaven was shut up over three years and six months , when a great famine came on all the land ;
But I will remember My covenant with you in the days of your youth , and I will raise up to you an everlasting covenant .
And it happened in the seventh month Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , the son of Elishama of the seed of the kingdom , and ten men with him came , and they struck Gedaliah , and he died , and the Jews and the Chaldeans who were with him in Mizpah .
And Moses said to Korah , Hear now , you sons of Levi ,
And this also is a painful evil , that in all , as he came , so shall he go . And what profit is to him who has labored for the wind ?
And the sons of Reuben , and the sons of Gad , and the half tribe of Manasseh turned and left the sons of Israel from Shiloh in the land of Canaan , to go to the land of Gilead , to the land of their possession in which they have possession , according to the command of Jehovah by the hand of Moses .
And the leaders of the sons of Ammon said to their lord Hanun . Is David honoring your father in your eyes , because he has sent comforters to you ? Has not David sent his servants to you to search the city , and to spy it out , and to overthrow it ?
Jesus answered and said to him , If anyone loves Me , he will keep My Word , and My Father shall love him . And We will come to him and will make a dwelling place with him .
You shall number to yourself seven weeks . When the sickle begins to reap in the standing grain , you shall begin to number seven weeks .
He brought him in from the suckling ewes ; He brought him to feed His people Jacob , and His inheritance , Israel .
And he built the city all around , from Millo even all around . And Joab revived the rest of the city .
He measured the south side , five hundred reeds with the measuring reed .

And he came to Ephesus , and he left those there . But he going into the synagogue , he reasoned with the Jews .
" where their worm does not die and the fire is not put out . "
His mouth is most sweet ; and He is altogether lovely . This is my Beloved , and this is my Friend , O daughters of Jerusalem .

But we live in tents , and we have obeyed and done according to all that Jonadab our father commanded us .

The fire burned up their young men ; and their virgins were not praised .
And my eyes are at an end with tears , my inward parts ferment ; my liver is poured on the ground for the ruin of the daughter of my people ; in the fainting of children and sucklings in the city's plazas .

For in six days Jehovah made the heavens and the earth , the sea , and all which is in them , and He rested on the seventh day ; on account of this Jehovah blessed the sabbath day and sanctified it .
The God of my mercy shall meet me ; God shall let me see my desire on my enemies .
And a knob was under two branches of it , to the six branches , those going out from it .
Speak to the congregation , saying , You get away from around the tent of Korah , Dathan , and Abiram .
let them wander up and down for food , and growl if they are not satisfied .

And his servants conspired against him and killed him in his own house ;
And Hilkiah the priest , and Ahikam , and Achbor , and Shaphan , and Asahiah , went to Huldah the prophetess the wife of Shallum , the son of Tikvah , the son of Harhas , the keeper of the wardrobe ( and she lived in Jerusalem , in the second quarter ) . And they spoke with her .
For I will not be in this land ; I shall not pass over the Jordan . But you shall pass over , and shall possess this good land .
And now what do you intend ? Rising up , be baptized and wash away your sins , calling on the name of the Lord .
And they said to Him , By what authority do you do these things ? And who gave you this authority that you do these things ?
And the Angel of God spoke to me in a dream , Jacob ! And I said , Behold me .
But make mention of me along with yourself , when it is well with you ; and please do kindness with me and mention me to Pharaoh , and bring me out of this house .
then I shall set My face against that man , and against his family , and shall cut him off , and all who go whoring after him , even going whoring after Molech from the midst of their people .
Jehovah is your keeper ; Jehovah is your shade on your right hand .
Yea , you have carried the booth of your king , and Kiyyun , your images , the star of your gods which you made for yourselves !
And I saw Him , like the color of polished bronze , looking like fire within it all around . From the appearance of His loins and upward , and from the appearance of His loins and downward , I saw Him looking like fire ; and brightness to it all around .
And you shall make a screen for the door of the tent of blue , and of purple and crimson , and twined bleached linen , the work of an embroiderer .
And Abijah stood up on Mount Zemaraim in the hills of Ephraim , and said , Hear me , Jeroboam and all Israel .
And it was in the eleventh year , in the first of the month , the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
I have waited for your salvation , O Jehovah .
I have sworn and I rise to it , to keep Your righteous judgments .
But what did you go out to see ? A prophet ? Yes , I say to you , and one more excellent than a prophet .
Come , and let me bring wine , and let us gulp down fermented drink ; and tomorrow shall be as this day , great , exceedingly abundant .

Every man praying or prophesying , having anything down over his head shames his Head .
And they turned and fled toward the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon . And they gleaned five thousand men of them in the highways , and caught them , to Gidom . And they struck two thousand men of them .
And I will drive you from your position , and he will pull you from your station .
And all Moab had heard that the kings had come up to fight against them . And they were called together , everyone able to gird on a girdle , and upward . And they stood by the border .
And having prayed , they said , You , Lord , knower of all hearts , show which one You chose from these two ,
For their possessions had become too great for them to dwell together . And the land was not able to bear their travels , because of their livestock .
And also Maachah the mother of Asa the king , he removed her from being queen , because she had made a horrible image for Asherah . And Asa cut down her horrible image , and crushed and burned it by the torrent Kidron .
Why do you weigh out silver for that which is not bread , and your labor for what never satisfies ? Listen carefully to Me and eat the good ; and let your soul delight itself in fatness .
Let them be as a snail goes into melting , a miscarriage of a woman ; they do not see the sun .
you who then were " not a people , but now are the people " of God ; " the one not pitied then but now pitied . "
And now you are planning to tread down the sons of Judah and Jerusalem for male slaves , and for girl slaves to yourselves ; but are not with you causes of guilt , solely yours , before Jehovah your God ?
And Absalom sent to Joab , to send him to the king . But he was not willing to come to him . And he sent again a second time , and he was not willing to come .
All the people who were left of the Hittites , and the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , who were not of Israel ,
And Jehovah said to Moses , Now you will see what I will do to Pharaoh . For he will send them away with a strong hand , yea , he will drive them out from his land with a strong hand .
I was a wall , and my breasts like towers ; then I was in His eyes as one finding peace .
He asking you to give , and he wishing to borrow from you , do not turn away .
And Agrippa said to Festus , I also was myself minded to hear the man . And he said , Tomorrow you shall hear him .
Then my child , you be empowered by grace in Christ Jesus .

And we were , all the souls in the ship , two hundred seventy six .
Though his height mounts up to the heavens , and his head touches to the clouds ,
And I will give them a heart to know Me , that I am Jehovah . And they shall be My people , and I will be their God . For they shall return to Me with their whole heart .
Then it seemed good to the apostles and the elders , with all the church , to send chosen men from them to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas , Judas having been surnamed Barsabas , and Silas , leading men among the brothers ,
Good and upright is Jehovah ; therefore He will teach sinners in the way .
I will gather the afflicted ones from the appointed place ; they were from you , a lifting up of reproach over her .
for so they turned from following Him , and they did not consider all His ways so as
And he built the twenty cubits on the back part of the house with boards of cedar , from the floor to the walls . And he built for it inside , for the sanctuary , for the Holy of Holies .
But not knowing the Law , this crowd is cursed .
And He said , Hagar , Sarai's slave-girl , where did you come from ? And where do you go ? And she said , I am fleeing from the face of my mistress , Sarai .
nor seeking glory from men , neither from you , nor from others , having been able to be so with the weight of glory as apostles of Christ .
And He gave them into the hand of the nations ; and those who hated them ruled over them .
And Saul heard and mustered the people in Telaim , two hundred thousand footmen , and ten thousand were men of Judah .
And Jesus said to him , If you are able to believe , all things are possible to those believing .
Because the ground was cracked , for there was no rain in the land ; the plowmen were ashamed ; they covered their head .
And the other woman said , No , but my son is the living , and your son the dead . And this one said , No , but your son is dead , and my son the living . And they spoke before the king .
A song of David , which he sang to Jehovah on the words of Cush the Benjamite . O Jehovah my God , I seek refuge in You ; save me from all who pursue me , and deliver me ;
And the said to Him , If Your presence does not go , do not cause us to go up from here .

a bell and a pomegranate , a bell and a pomegranate on the hem of the robe all around for ministering , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
Brothers , I speak according to man , a covenant having been ratified , even among mankind , no one sets aside or adds to it .
And Samuel rose up and went up from Gilgal to Gibeah of Benjamin . And Saul numbered the people who were found with him , about six hundred men .
The proud in soul stirs up strife , but he who is trusting on Jehovah shall be abundantly satisfied .


And the twenty four elders , and the four living creatures fell down and worshiped God sitting on the throne , saying , Amen ! Hallelujah !
And the priest answered David and said , There is no common bread under my hand , but only holy bread , if the young men have only been kept from a woman .
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Elishama , the son of Ammihud .
And , behold ! They cried out , saying , What is to us and to You , Jesus , Son of God ? Have You come here beforetime to torment us ?
For I calculate that the sufferings of the present time are not worthy to compare to the coming glory to be revealed in us .
saying , I am the Alpha and the Omega , the First and the Last ; also , What you see , write in a scroll , and send to the seven churches of Asia : to Ephesus , and to Smyrna , and to Pergamos , and to Thyatira , and to Sardis , and to Philadelphia , and to Laodicea .
But as many as received Him , to them He gave authority to become children of God , to the ones believing into His name ,
And the priest shall wave them , a wave offering before Jehovah . It is holy to the priest , besides the breast of the wave offering , and besides the leg of the heave offering . And afterward the Nazarite shall drink wine .
And Paul remained two whole years in his own rented place , and he welcomed all those coming in to him ,
The Lord sent a word into Jacob , and it has fallen into Israel .
but one fully testified somewhere , saying , " What is man , that You are mindful of him ; or the son of man , that You look upon him ?
And a man drew a bow in his simplicity , and he struck the king of Israel between the joints and the breastplate . And he said to his charioteer , Turn your hand and take me out from the battle , for I have been wounded .
Do you thus give back to Jehovah , O foolish and unwise people ? Is He not your Father who bought you ? Has not He made you and established you ?
I will speak so that I may be relieved ; I will open my lips and answer .
He shall say , Only in Jehovah do I have righteousness and strength ; to Him he comes ; and they are ashamed , all who are angry with Him .
for through God's Word and prayerful intercourse , it is sanctified .
remembering without ceasing your work of faith and labor of love , and the patience of hope of our Lord Jesus Christ before our God and Father ,
And He said to me , Son of man , have you seen ? Is it nothing to the house of Judah from doing the abominations which they do here ? For they have filled the land with violence and have returned to provoke Me to anger . And , behold , they are putting the branch to their nose !
Then even if I wrote to you , it was not for the sake of him who did wrong , nor for the sake of him having suffered wrong , but for the sake of revealing our earnestness on your behalf , for you before God .
And the king said , What have I to do with you , sons of Zeruiah ? For let him curse , even because Jehovah has said to him , Curse David . And who shall say , Why have you done so ?
Whatever Chemosh your god causes you to possess , do you not possess it ? And all that which Jehovah our God has expelled from before us , we will possess !
And hearing these things , they troubled the crowd and the city judges .
in the third year of his reign , he made a banquet for all his princes and his servants . The power of Persia and Media , the nobles and the princes of the provinces , were before him ,
or his sin which he has sinned shall be made known to him , then he shall bring his offering , a buck of the goats , a male , a perfect one ;
I called for my lovers ; they deceived me . My priests and my elders expired in the city , while they sought food for them to bring back their life .
because so is the will of God , doing good to silence the ignorance of foolish men ;
And He brought him outside and said , Look now at the heavens and count the stars , if you are able to count them . And He said to him , So shall your seed be .
When He prepared the heavens , I was there ; when He set a circle on the face of the deep ,
And I will bring you into the land which I raised My hand to give to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob . And I will give it to you for a possession . I am Jehovah !
And the people came into the forest ; and behold , a flow of honey ! But no man put his hand to his mouth , for the people feared the oath .
And the gates of the city shall be by the names of the tribes of Israel : three gates northward , the gate of Reuben , one ; the gate of Judah , one ; the gate of Levi , one .
And on the seventh day seven bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs , sons of a year , perfect ones ;
And Jehovah said to Gideon , The people are still too many . Bring them down to the water , and I will refine them for you there . And it shall be , he of whom I say to you , this one shall go with you , he shall go with you . And any of whom I shall say to you , This one shall not go with you , he shall not go .
for the Holy Spirit will teach you in the same hour what you ought to say .
And the four wheels were under the borders . And the hands of the wheels were in the base ; and the height of the one wheel was a cubit and a half .
He restored the border of Israel from the entering in of Hamath to the sea of the Arabah , according to the word of Jehovah the God of Israel which He spoke by the hand of his servant Jonah the prophet , the son of Amittai of Gathhepher .
who redeems your life from destruction ; who crowns you with kindness and tender mercies ;
And Esau took his wives , and his sons , and his daughters , and all the souls of his house , and his livestock , and all the beasts of burden , and all his property which he had gained in Canaan , and he went to a land away from his brother Jacob .
And Moses took the rod from before Jehovah , as He commanded him .
In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar , a vision appeared to me , Daniel , after that which appeared to me at the first .
Jair the son of Manasseh took all the region of Argob , to the border of the Geshurites and the Maachathites , and called them , even Bashan , after his own name , Towns of Jair , until today .

For when you lift up your gifts , when you pass your sons through the fire , you defile yourselves with all your idols , even to this day . And I will not be inquired of by you , O house of Israel As I live , declares the Lord Jehovah , I will not be inquired of by you .
And you no longer allow him to do anything for his father or mother ,
Please let my lord go before the face of his servant , and I will move on by stages at my ease , according to the pace of the livestock which are before me , and according to the pace of the children , until I come into my lord to Seir .
In that day , he who will be on the housetop , let him not come down to take his goods from the house . And likewise , he in the field , let him not return to the things behind .
At that time , declares Jehovah , they will bring out the bones of the kings of Judah , and the bones of its rulers , and the bones of the priests , and the bones of the prophets , and the bones of the inhabitants of Jerusalem , out of their graves .
And Abraham said , Because I thought , Surely the fear of God is not in this place , and they will kill me for my wife's sake .
as the native among you , so shall be the alien who is staying with you ; and you shall love him as yourself , for you were aliens in the land of Egypt ; I am Jehovah your God .
His breath kindles coals and the flame goes out from his mouth .
But answering , He said , I was not sent except to the lost sheep of the house of Israel .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And in the third day eleven bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs , sons of a year , perfect ones ;
And you shall remember there your ways and all your deeds by which you have been defiled in them . And you will hate yourselves to your faces for all your evils which you have done .
It devours parts of his skin ; the first-born of death eats his parts .


And when they had slain their sons to their idols , then they came into My sanctuary in that day to profane it . And , lo , this they have done in the midst of My house .
And lifting up His eyes to His disciples , He said : Blessed are the poor , for the kingdom of God is yours .
and of her who is menstruating in her impurity , and of him from whom the discharge flows ; of a male or of a female , and of a man who lies with an unclean woman .

These are the sons of Ephraim , according to their families : of Shuthelah , the family of the Shuthelahites ; of Becher , the family of the Bachrites ; of Tahan , the family of the Tahanites .
Lord , hear my voice , and let Your ears attend to the voice of my prayers .
Because there is a time and judgment to every purpose , in this the evil of man is great upon him .
And Hezekiah said to Isaiah , What will be the sign that Jehovah will heal me , that I will go up on the third day to the house of Jehovah ?
Then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which the plague is , and throw them into an unclean place outside the city .
And He said to them , Now draw out and carry to the master of the feast . And they carried it .

It shall be for a land to him , for a possession in Israel , and My rulers shall not oppress My people any more . And they shall give the land to the house of Israel according to their tribes .
God has spoken in His holiness ; I will rejoice ; I will divide Shechem , and measure out the valley of Succoth .
And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal . And Meribbaal fathered Micah .
and from the house of Gilgal , and out of the fields of Geba and Azmaveth ( for the singers had built themselves villages all around Jerusalem ) .



They shall come with weeping , and I will lead them with prayers . I will cause them to walk by rivers of waters , in a right way ; they will not stumble in it . For I am a father to Israel , and Ephraim is My first-born .
And the Philistines went up and pitched in Judah , and were spread out in Lehi .
And David took the crown of their king from his head , and found it a talent of gold in weight , and a precious stone in it ; and it was set on David's head . And he also brought out the plunder of the city , a very great amount .

And they cried with a great voice , saying , Until when , holy and true Master , do You not judge and take vengeance for our blood , from those dwelling on the earth ?
saying to them , Go into the village opposite you , and immediately you will find an ass tied , and a colt with her . Loosen them and lead them to Me .
But exhort yourselves each day , as long as it is being called today , that not any of you be hardened by the deceit of sin .

And another said , I married a wife , and for this reason I am not able to come .
Jesus answered him , I publicly spoke to the world ; I always taught in the synagogue and in the temple where the Jews always come together , and I spoke nothing in secret .
And after these things , it happened , the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt sinned against their lord , against the king of Egypt .
Truly , truly , I say to you that an hour is coming , and now is , when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God , and the ones hearing will live .
And he said to them , You know how unlawful it is for a man , a Jew , to unite with or to come near to one of another race . Yet God showed to me not to call a man common or unclean .
And who is a great nation whose statutes and judgments are as righteous as all this law which I set before you today ?
And Naomi had a kinsman of her husband , a mighty man of the family of Elimelech . And his name was Boaz .
And Hezekiah was glad because of them and let them see the house of his treasure , the silver , and the gold , and the spices , and the good oil , and all his weapons , and all that was found in his treasuries ; there was nothing in his house or in all his kingdom that Hezekiah did not let them see .
O Jehovah , set a guard to my mouth ; keep watch on the door of my lips .
for whoever eats the fat of the animal , of which one brings near a fire offering to Jehovah , even the person who eats shall be cut off from his people .
And a long tunic was on her , for so the virgin daughters of the king usually dressed . And his attendant brought her robes outside , and bolted the door after her .
We know that we are of God , and the whole world lies in evil .

For He has made strong the bars of your gates ; He has blessed your sons within you .
And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother , and that he was the son of Rebekah . And she ran and told her father .
the king of Kedesh , one ; the king of Jokneam in Carmel , one ;
Hide Your face from my sins , and blot out all my iniquities .

when the peoples and the kingdoms are gathered together to serve Jehovah .
And said to Seraiah , When you come to Babylon and shall see and shall cry all these words ,
Hear the words of this covenant , and speak to the men of Judah , and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem ,
And you shall love Jehovah your God with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
And rising up in the same hour , they went back to Jerusalem , and they found the Eleven , and those with them , having been gathered ,
And all Jabesh-gilead heard of all that the Philistines had done to Saul .
Zenan , and Hadashah , and Migdal-gad ,
In Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew , and his name was Mordecai , the son of Jair , the son of Shimei , the son of Kish , a Benjamite ,

And as they were eating , He said , Truly I say to you that one of you will betray Me .
And I will give peace in the land , and you shall lie down , and none shall terrify you . And I shall cause evil beasts to cease out of the land , and the sword shall not pass over into your land .
yet they have no root in themselves , but are temporary . Then trouble or persecution having occurred through the Word , immediately they are offended .
and to Obededom , southward ; and to his sons the house of the stores ;
But answering the evil spirit said , I know Jesus , and I comprehend Paul , but who are you ?
For no man in whom there is a blemish shall draw near , a blind man , or one lame , or disfigured , or deformed ;
Cause Me to remember ; let us enter into judgment together ; sum up for yourself , that you may be justified .
And Joseph saw his brothers and recognized them ; but he remained a stranger to them and spoke harsh things to them , and said to them , From where have you come ? And they said , From the land of Canaan to buy food .
For the wages of sin is death , but the free gift of God is everlasting life in Christ Jesus our Lord .
knowing that He who raised up the Lord Jesus will also raise us up through Jesus , and will present us with you .
But a certain man was there , being in infirmity thirty eight years .


And the girl ran and told these things to the house of her mother .
And I heard as a sound of a numerous crowd , and as a sound of many waters , and as a sound of strong thunders , saying , Hallelujah ! Because the Lord God Almighty reigned .
And I will sanctify the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar . And I will sanctify Aaron and his sons to minister as priests to Me .
From the sons of Joab , Obadiah the son of Jehiel , and two hundred and eighteen males with him .
Who will maliciously speak against You ? Your enemies are lifted up with vanity .
Send out your bread on the face of the waters , for you shall find it in many days .
And when I heard this thing , I tore my garments and my robe , and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard , and sat down stunned .
for wealth is not forever , nor the crown from generation to generation .
and the border was drawn and went around to the sea coast southward , from the hill which fronts on Beth-horon southward ; and its boundary line was at the city of Baal it is Kirjath-jearim , a city of the sons of Judah ; this is the west side .
But I say to you and to the rest in Thyatira , as many as do not have this teaching , and who did not know the deep things of Satan , as they say : I am not casting another burden on you ;
And as He was sitting in the Mount of Olives opposite the temple , Peter and James and John and Andrew questioned Him privately :
Let all bitterness , and anger , and wrath , and tumult , and evil speaking be put away from you , along with all evil things .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
And a certain man was sitting in Lystra , powerless in the feet , being lame from his mother's womb , who had never walked .
And your ears shall hear a word behind you , saying , this is the way , walk in it , when you go right , or when you go left .

Say , I am your wonder . As I have done , so it shall be done to them . They shall go into exile , into captivity .
And he said to his sons , Saddle the ass for me . And they saddled the ass for him , and he rode on it ,
Joab and all Israel remained there six months until every male in Edom was cut off .
And after three months , it happened . It was told to Judah , saying , Your daughter-in-law Tamar has committed adultery , and also , behold , she is pregnant by whoredom . And Judah said , Bring her out and let her be burned .
or has found a lost thing and has lied about it , and has sworn to a falsehoods regards to any one of all these which a man does , sinning in them ,

but now revealed through the appearance of our Savior , Jesus Christ , making death of no effect , bringing life and incorruptibility to light through the gospel ,
And Jehovah was gracious to them , and pitied them , and turned toward them , for the sake of His covenant with Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob , and was not willing to destroy them , nor to cast them out from His presence as yet .

And the Philistine looked , and he saw David , and disdained him , for he was a youth , even ruddy , with a handsome form .

But some of them said , Was this One , the one opening the eyes of the blind , not able to have caused that this one should not die ?
As for God , His way is perfect ; the word of Jehovah is tested ; He is a shield to all those who seek refuge in Him .
And Israel saw the great hand with which Jehovah worked against Egypt . And the people feared Jehovah , and they believed in Jehovah and in His servant Moses .
Let them be only your own , and not to strangers with you ;
And all her carved images shall be beaten to pieces , and all her gifts for harlotry shall be burned with fire . And I will make all her idols a desolation . For she gathered it from the reward of a harlot , and they shall return to the reward of a harlot .
We raided the south of the Cherethites , and went against that belonging to Judah , and against the south of Caleb . And we burned Ziklag with fire .
But I had pity for My holy name which the house of Israel had profaned among the nations , there where they went .
Though its root becomes old in the earth , and its stump dies in the dust ,
And Jehoram the son of Ahab reigned over Israel in Samaria , in the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah ; and he reigned twelve years .

And of the rest , no one dared to be joined to them , but the people greatly magnified them .
being witnessed by good works , if she brought up children , if she hosted strangers , if she washed the feet of the saints , if she relieved afflicted ones , if she followed after every good work .
Now the words " Yet once " make clear the removal of the things being shaken , as having been made , so that the things not being shaken may remain .
Gilead is Mine ; and Manasseh is Mine ; and Ephraim is the fort of My head ; Judah is My lawgiver ;
And not many days after , gathering up all things , the younger son went away to a distant country . And there he wasted his property , living dissolutely .
And if I remember , I am dismayed ; and trembling seizes on my flesh .
Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing before You , O Jehovah , my Rock and my Redeemer .
But the governor signaling to him to speak , Paul answered : Understanding you as being a judge to this nation many years , I cheerfully defend myself as to the things concerning myself .
Jehovah shall make the plague cling to you until He has consumed you from off the land where you are going , to possess it .
And Jesus said to them , Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things .
Buy the truth , and sell it not , also wisdom , and instruction and understanding .
Will He keep His anger forever ? Or will He guard it to the end ? Behold , you have spoken , and you have done all the evil things that you could .

But even as you abound in everything , in faith , and in word , and in knowledge , and in all earnestness , and in your love in us , that you also should abound in this grace .
And I heard the sound of their wings like the sound of great waters , like the voice of the Almighty . In their going was the sound of tumult , like the sound of an army . In their standing still , they let down their wings .
And it happened , the second day after he had killed Gedaliah ; and no one knew ,
And Josiah removed all the idols out of all the lands that belonged to the sons of Israel , and caused everyone who was found in Israel to serve , to serve Jehovah their God ; all his days they did not turn away from following Jehovah , the God of their fathers .
In you are men of slander in order to shed blood , and in you they eat on the mountains . In your midst they do unchaste acts .

And this was the thing for which he lifted up his hand against the king : Solomon built Millo , repairing the breaks of the city of his father David .
So says Jehovah to this people : So they have loved to wander ; they have not restrained their feet ; therefore , Jehovah does not accept them . He will now remember their iniquity and punish their sins .
What then shall we say to these things ? If God be for us , who can be against us ?
And plaiting a crown of thorns , they placed it on His head , and a reed in His right hand . And bowing the knee before Him , they mocked at Him , saying , Hail , King of the Jews .
And Jehu lay with his fathers , and they buried him in Samaria . And his son Jehoahaz reigned in his place .
and fulfilling the days , in their returning , the boy Jesus stayed in Jerusalem . And Joseph and His mother did not know .
And you shall bring your burnt offerings there , and your sacrifices , and your tithes , and the heave offering of your hand , and your vows , and your freewill offering , and the firstlings of your herd and of your flock .
And when the Comforter comes , whom I will send to you from the Father , the Spirit of truth who proceeds from the Father , that One will witness concerning Me .
And the woman fled into the wilderness , where she had a place , it having been prepared from God , that there they might nourish her a thousand two hundred and sixty days .
And on the next day it happened , the first born said to the younger , Behold , I lay with my father last night . Let us cause him to drink wine tonight also . And you go in and lie with him , so that we may keep alive seed of our father .
And they have not served You in their kingdom , and in Your great goodness which You gave to them , and in the large and rich land which You gave before them . And they did not turn from their evil works .
I entreated Your face with all my heart ; favor me according to Your word .

And nations shall walk to your light , and kings to the brightness of your dawning .
When I shall return their captivity , the captivity of Sodom and her daughters , and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters , then also the captivity of your captivity in their midst ;
But the land shall be divided by lot . They shall inherit according to the names of the tribes of their fathers .
And the son of the woman of Israel blasphemed the Name , and cursed . And they brought him in to Moses ; and his mother's name was Shelomith , the daughter of Dibri , of the tribe of Dan .
And his father Isaac said to him , Who are you ? And he said , I am your son , your first born , Esau .
Mercy and truth preserve the king , and his throne is upheld by mercy .
And I will visit evil on the world , and their iniquity on the wicked . And I will cause the arrogance of the proud to cease ; and I will humble the pride of tyrants .
And Moses said to his father-in-law , Because the people come to me to seek God .
And gladness and joy is gathered up from the fruitful field ; and there is no singing and no shouting in the vineyards ; the treaders shall not tread out wine in the presses ; I have made the exultation to cease .
But I have not used one of these . And I do not write these things that it be so with me . For it is good to me rather to die than that anyone nullify my glorying .
He who plots to do evil shall be called a lord of evil plots .
And it shall please Jehovah more than bulls , horned or hoofed bull .
And this day the princesses of Persia and Media who have heard the queen's word shall say the same to all the king's princes and there shall be contempt and strife .
They were making their hearts merry . And , behold , men of the city , sons of worthless men , went around the house , beating on the door . And they spoke to the old man , the house-master , saying , Bring out the man who has come into your house , and we shall know him .
And the king was sitting in the winter house in the ninth month , and with the burning fire pan before him .
And I will cast you out of this land into a land that you do not know , you nor your fathers . And there you shall serve other gods day and night , where I will not grant you favor .

You shall sow , but you shall not reap . You shall tread the olive , but you shall not anoint with oil ; and new wine , but shall not drink wine .
And answering , Peter said to Jesus , Lord , it is good for us to be here . If You will , let us make three tents here , one for You , one for Moses , and one for Elijah .
Was anyone called having been circumcised ? Do not be uncircumcised . Was anyone called in uncircumcision ? Do not be circumcised .
Jehovah is my strength and my song ; and He is my salvation .
My sheep strayed through all the mountains and on every high hill . And My sheep were scattered on all the face of the earth , and none searched , and none sought for them .
For , behold , I will command , and I will shake the house of Israel among all the nations , as one shakes with a sieve ; yet not a grain shall fall to the ground .
then I lifted up my eyes and looked : And behold ! A certain man was clothed in linen , whose loins were wrapped in fine gold from Uphaz .
And king Jehoram went out in that day from Samaria , and called up all Israel .
And the king sat on his seat , as from time to time , on the seat by the wall . And Jonathan rose up , and Abner sat at Saul's side . And David's place was empty .
And the priests and the prophets spoke to the rulers , and to all the people , saying , Let a death sentence be for this man , for he has prophesied against this city , as you have heard with your ears .
Then indeed the churches were being made stronger in the faith , and increased in number day by day .
and , lo , it was all risen up with thistles , nettles had covered its surface , and its stone wall was broken down .

And it shall be afterward , I will pour out My Spirit on all flesh . And your sons and your daughters shall prophesy , your old men shall dream dreams , your young men shall see visions .
Generation to generation shall praise Your works ; and shall declare Your mighty acts .

Because , they say , the letters are weighty and strong , but the bodily presence is weak , and his speech being despised .
And you shall circumcise the foreskin of your heart , and you shall not harden your neck any more .
For I will surely deliver you , and you shall not fall by the sword ; but your life shall be a prize to you , because you have trusted in Me , states Jehovah .
Make us know what we shall say to Him ; for we cannot arrange our case because of darkness .
For so says Jehovah , When according to My mouth seventy years have been fulfilled for Babylon , I will visit you and confirm My good word to you , to bring you back to this place .
And it happened after this that the battle was again in Gob of the Philistines . Then Sibbechai the Hushathite struck Saph , who was among the sons of Rapha .
And David left there and escaped to the cave of Adullam . And his brothers heard , and all his father's house , and they went down to him there .
Teacher , Moses wrote for us that if a brother of anyone should die and leave behind a wife , and leave no children , that his brother should take his wife and raise up seed to his brother .
And the men took of their provision , and did not ask at the mouth of Jehovah .
Your fathers went down to Egypt with seventy persons ; and now Jehovah your God has made you as the stars of the heavens for multitude .
And Hezekiah the king and the leaders commanded the Levites to give praise to Jehovah in the words of David , and of Asaph the seer ; and they praised with joy , and they bowed and worshiped .
with the pure , You reveal Yourself as pure ; and with the crooked , You appear perverse ;
For so the Lord has said to me : Go , set a watchman ; he will declare what he sees .
Moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel . He has not gone into captivity . So his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
And the slain of Jehovah shall be at that day from one end of the earth even to the other end of the earth . They shall not be mourned , nor gathered , nor buried ; they shall be as dung on the face of the earth .
And after John was delivered up , Jesus came into Galilee proclaiming the gospel of the kingdom of God ,

The earth shall mourn for this , and the heavens above shall grow black , because I have seen , I have purposed and I will not repent , nor will I turn back from it .
And the ass saw the Angel of Jehovah , and she lay down under Balaam . And the anger of Balaam glowed , and he struck the ass with his staff .
And His fame went out at once into all the Galilean neighborhood .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Therefore , I said to you that you will die in your sins . For if you do not believe that I AM , you will die in your sins .

And when you say , What shall we eat in the seventh year ; for , lo , we may not sow nor gather our increase ?
The voice of those who flee and escape out of the land of Babylon to declare in Zion the vengeance of Jehovah our God , the vengeance of His temple .
And he commanded the messenger , saying , As you finish all the matters of the war , speaking to the king ,
Please let our rulers for all the congregation stand , and let all those who have dwelt with foreign women in our cities come at a set time , and with them the elders of every city , and its judges , until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter has turned from us .
Damascus was your trader in the multitude of your works , from the multitude of all your wealth , in the wine of Helbon , and white wool .
Let not he being deceived trust in vanity ; for his reward shall be vanity .
While this one was still speaking , this other came and said , Your sons and your daughters were eating and drinking wine in the house of their brother , the first-born ,
He remembered His covenant for them , and breathed a sigh , according to His many mercies .
And God gave Solomon exceeding great wisdom and understanding , and largeness of heart , even as the sand that is on the lip of the sea .
I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly .

O God , your way is in holiness ; who is a God great like God ?
And Jehoash the king of Israel sent to Amaziah the king of Judah , saying , The thorn that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar in Lebanon , saying , Give your daughter to my son as wife ; and a beast of the field in Lebanon passed by and trampled the thorn .


For He judges the people by them ; He gives plenty of food .
Also from its midst came the likeness of four living creatures . And this was how they looked : they had the likeness of a man ,
And much disputation having occurred , rising up Peter said to them : Men , brothers , you recognize that from ancient days , God chose among us that through my mouth the nations should hear the Word of the gospel , and to believe .
Simon Peter , and Thomas , being called The Twin , and Nathanael from Cana of Galilee , and the sons of Zebedee , and two others of His disciples were together .
And Deborah the wife of Lapidoth , a woman prophetess , was judging Israel at that time .

And Moses caused the people to go up from the camp to meet God . And they took their stand at the lower part of the mountain .
And all the people came up after him . And the people were piping with pipes , and rejoicing with great joy . And the earth was torn with their sound .
And now please lift up my sin , and return with me that I may worship Jehovah .
Without my fault they run and prepare themselves ; awaken to help me , and look on me .
For having sent , Herod himself had seized John and bound him in the prison , because of Herodias the wife of his brother Philip , because he had married her .
Like the cold of snow in harvest time , so is a faithful messenger to those sending him , for he refreshes the soul of his masters .

As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace , so you shall be melted in its midst . And you shall know that I , Jehovah , have poured out My fury on you .
You stretched Your right hand ; the earth swallowed them .
So therefore we also , having so great cloud of witnesses lying around us , having laid aside every weight and the easily surrounding sin , through patience let us also run the race set before us ,
Surely the righteous shall give thanks to Your name ; the upright shall dwell in Your presence .
and onyx stones , and stones of settings , for the ephod and for the breast pocket .
And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king .
And he said , Capture them alive ! And they captured them alive , and killed them at the pit of the shearing house , forty men . And he did not leave a man of them .
Behold , you are of nothing ; and your work of nothing ; he who chooses you is an abomination .
So the Lord Jehovah says this : Woe to the bloody city , to the pot whose rust is in it , and its rust has not gone out of it ! Bring it out piece by piece . Let not a lot fall on it .

And the dragon was enraged over the woman , and went away to make war with the rest of her seed , those keeping the commandments of God , and having the testimony of Jesus Christ .
And let them judge the people at all times . And it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , and every small matter they shall judge . And you make it easy on yourself , and let them bear with you .
For though He causes grief , He will have pity according to His many kindnesses .
In that day , says Jehovah of hosts , you shall invite each man to his neighbor to sit under the vine and under the fig tree .
And the king rose up and tore his garments , and lay on the earth ; and all his servants were standing by with torn garments .
And Aram's sons were Uz , and Hul , and Gether , and Mash .
Then take heed to yourselves and to all the flock , in which the Holy Spirit placed you as overseers , to shepherd the church of God which He purchased through His own blood .
O Jehovah , do not forsake me ! O my God , do not be far from me ;
The land shall be divided to those for an inheritance , according to the number of names .

The word of Jehovah that was to Hosea , the son of Beeri , in the days of Uzziah , Jotham , Ahaz and Hezekiah , kings of Judah , and in the days of Jeroboam , the son of Joash , king of Israel .

And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives , Helah and Naarah .
And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe , I have found the Book of the Law in the house of Jehovah . And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan .
But now also finish the doing of it , so that even as there was the eagerness in the willing , so also the finishing , giving out of what you have .
For the sons of Israel , and the sons of Levi , shall bring the offering of the grain , of the new wine , and the oil , to the rooms , and there shall be the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests ministering , and the gatekeepers and the singers . And we will not forsake the house of our God .
So said Jehovah to me , Go and stand in the gate of the sons of the people , that by which the kings of Judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of Jerusalem .

And the woman took the two men and hid them , and said , This way the men came in to me , but I did not know from where they were .

and that which He has done to you in the wilderness , until you came to this place ;
And the ass saw the Angel of Jehovah , and she pushed herself to the wall and crushed the foot of Balaam against the wall . And again he struck her .
This is the offering of Aaron and his sons which they shall bring near to Jehovah on the day he is anointed : a tenth of an ephah of flour , a continual food offering ; half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
" that it may be well with you , and you may be long-lived on the earth " .
Behold , now , I have two daughters who have not known a man ; please let me bring them out to you and do to them as you see fit ; only do not do a thing to these men , because on account of this they came into the shade of my roof .
The sons of Judah were Pharez , Hezron , and Carmi , and Hur , and Shobal .
And the iniquity of the daughter of my people is heaped more than the sin of Sodom , which was overthrown as in a moment , and no hands were spun on her .
And turning , the Lord looked at Peter . And Peter remembered the word of the Lord , how He told him , Before a cock would crow , you will deny Me three times .
And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones , and he made cedars as the sycamores that are in the low country , for abundance .
And the Lord Jehovah of hosts is He who touches the earth so that it melts , and all dwelling in it shall mourn . And all of it will rise up like the Nile , and sink down like the Nile of Egypt .
Woe to them ! For they have fled from Me . Ruin to them ! For they have transgressed against Me . Though I would redeem them , yet they have spoken lies against Me .

And I have other sheep which are not of this fold . I must also lead those , and they will hear My voice ; and there will be one flock , one Shepherd .
So says Cyrus the king of Persia , Jehovah the God of the heavens has given to me all the kingdoms of the earth , and He has laid a charge on me to build a house in Jerusalem to Him , that is in Judah . Who is among you of all His people ? May Jehovah his God be with him , and let him go up .

and from above the Ephraim Gate , and above the Old Gate , and above the Fish Gate , and the Tower of Hananeel , and the Tower of Meah , even to the Sheep Gate . And they stood still in the Prison Gate .
As a cistern keeps fresh its waters , so she keeps fresh her evil . Violence and destruction are heard in her . Sickness and wounds are continually before My face .
Say among the nations , Jehovah reigns ; and , The world shall be established , it shall not be moved ; He shall judge the peoples in uprightness .
And all the elders of that city nearest to the one slain shall wash their hands by the stream , over the heifer whose neck was broken .
And they conspired against him , and stoned him with stones by the command of the king , in the court of the house of Jehovah .
Afterward the sons of Israel shall return and seek Jehovah their God and David their king . And they shall fear Jehovah and His goodness in the ends of the days .
He will observe to men and say , I have sinned , and I have perverted uprightness ; and it was not equally repaid to me ;
For on this account you also pay taxes , for they are ministers of God , always giving attention to this very thing .

And it happened when the Angel of Jehovah spoke these words to all the sons of Israel , the people lifted up their voice and wept .
You will answer us in righteousness by awesome things , O God of our salvation ; the Confidence of all the ends of the earth and the sea , of those afar off .
And the sons of Cush were Seba and Havilah , and Sabtah , and Raamah , and Sabtecha . And Raamah's sons were Sheba and Dedan .
And the governor said to them that they should not eat of the most holy things until there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim .
and they will turn away the ear from the truth and will be turned aside to myths .
O God of hosts , turn us again , and cause Your face to shine , and we will be saved .
And Jehovah gave a deliverer to Israel , and they went out from under the hand of Syria , and the sons of Israel lived in their tents as before .


And Nathan said to David , You are the man ! So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , I anointed you as king over Israel , and I delivered you out of the hand of Saul .
If I speak with the tongues of men and of angels , but I do not have love , I have become as sounding brass or a clanging cymbal .

as a people heard the voice of God speaking from the midst of the fire , as you have heard , and lived ?
And they ate , and were satisfied . And they took up over and above seven lunch baskets of fragments .
Are you greater than our father Abraham who died ? And the prophets died ! Whom do you make yourself ?
And whoever does not take up his cross and follow after Me is not worthy of Me .
And in you was the opposite from those women in your fornications , since no one whores after you , and in your giving wages , and hire is not given to you . In this you are opposite .
But without faith it is impossible to please God . For it is right that the one drawing near to God should believe that He is , and that He becomes a rewarder to the ones seeking Him out .
And He said to them , It is not yours to know times or seasons which the Father placed in His own authority ;
And it happened , when was beside Jericho , that he lifted up his eyes and looked . And , behold ! A Man stood in front of him , and His drawn sword was in His hand . And went to Him and said to Him , Are You for us , or for our foes ?
Surely His salvation is near to fearers of Him , for glory to dwell in our land .
He also makes them skip like a calf ; Lebanon and Sirion like a young wild ox .
And Samson said to them , This time I will be blameless regarding the Philistines , though I am doing evil with them .
But My people would not listen to My voice , and Israel did not consent to Me .
And the Philistine rulers came to her and said to her , Entice him , and see in what lies his great strength , and by what we may prevail against him , so that we may bind him , to afflict him . And we will surely each give to you eleven hundred of silver .

Where is Hamath's king , and Arpad's king , and the king of the city of Sepharvaim , Hena , and Ivah ?
And the Spirit of God came upon Zechariah the son of Jehoiada the priest , and he stood before the people and said to them , So says God , Why do you transgress the commandments of Jehovah , and do not prosper ? Because you have forsaken Jehovah , He has forsaken you .
And if a Levite comes from one of your gates of all Israel , where he has been living , and comes with all the desire of his soul to the place which Jehovah shall choose ,
All the birds of the heavens nested in his boughs , and under his branches all the beasts of the field gave birth , and in his shadow dwelt all great nations .
And I turned to behold wisdom , and madness , and folly . For what can a man do who comes after the king , when they have already done it ?

And these are the measures of the altar by the cubit : the cubit is a cubit and a span , even the base shall be a cubit , and the width a cubit , and its border on its lip all around shall be one span . And this is the upper part of the altar .
The appointed duty of the sons of Merari being the boards of the tabernacle and its bars , and its pillars , and its sockets , and all its vessels , and all its service ;
And I appoint a kingdom to you , as My Father appointed to Me ,
A snare is in the transgression of an evil man , but the righteous sing and rejoice .

For their authority is in their mouth , and in their tails ; for their tails are like snakes , having heads , and they do harm with them .
Then the Lord awoke , as one asleep , like a mighty man rejoicing with wine .
let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith , our hearts having been sprinkled from an evil conscience , and our body having been washed in pure water ;
To the chief musician . On the Lily of Testimony . A secret treasure of David , to teach ; when he struggled with Aram-naharaim , and with Aram-zobah ; when Joab returned , and struck twelve thousand of Edom in the Valley of Salt . O God ! You cast us off ; You broke us ; You who were angry ; take us back .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , saying , I have broken the yoke of the king of Babylon .
Tell of His glory among the nations , His wonders among all people .
Or is it not lawful for me to do what I desire with my things ? Or is your eye evil because I am good ?
And you shall sow your land six years , and you shall gather its produce .

But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings , says Jehovah . And I will kindle a fire in its forest , and it shall devour all things around it .
My people seek advice by their wooden idols , and their rod declares to them . For the spirit of harlotry has led them astray , and they fornicated from under their God .
And the Jews also joined in , alleging these things to be so .
But the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremiah , that they should not give him into the hand of the people to put him to death .
And the son of Nun called the priests and said to them Take up the ark of the covenant , and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of ram's horns before the ark of Jehovah .
Truly He who did not spare His own Son , but gave Him up for us all , how will He not freely give us all things with Him ?
In all your ways acknowledge Him , and He shall direct your paths .
With the faithful You shall show Yourself faithful ; with the upright man , You will show Yourself upright .
And what the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand pieces of silver , and sixty seven priests' garments .
And the priest shall bring it near to the altar and shall nip off its head . And he shall burn it as incense on the altar ; its blood shall be drained by the side of the altar .
And they came into Gilead , and to the land of Tahtim-hodshi . And they came to Dan-jaan , and around to Sidon .
And they took possession of all the border of the Amorites from Arnon and to the Jabbok , and from the wilderness , and to the Jordan .
And it was told to Saul that David had fled to Gath , and he did not seek for him any more .
And they went , both of them , until they came into Bethlehem . And it happened as they came into Bethlehem , all the city was moved at them . And they said , Is this Naomi ?
And the number of the burnt offerings that the congregation brought was seventy oxen , a hundred rams , two hundred lambs ; all these for a burnt offering to Jehovah .
And God was with the boy . And he grew up . And he lived in the wilderness and became a great archer .

And the people went out and brought in , and made booths for themselves , each man on his roof and in their courts , and in the courts of the house of God , and in the plaza of the Water Gate , and in the plaza of the Ephraim Gate .
And all that my eyes desired , I did not set aside from them ; I withheld not my heart from all mirth ; for my heart rejoiced from all my labor ; and this was my part from all my labor .
And it shall be , in the day that Jehovah shall give you rest from your sorrow , and from your trouble , and from the hard bondage which was pressed on you ,
And Satan stood up against Israel and moved David to number Israel .
And you shall say to them , This is the fire offering which you shall offer to Jehovah , two yearling lambs without blemish , day by day , as a continual burnt offering .
longing to see you , being reminded of your tears , that I may be filled with joy ,
For these nations whom you shall expel listen to observers of clouds , and to diviners . But as to you , Jehovah your God has not allowed you to do so .
Watch and keep them until you weigh before the chief of the priests and the Levites , and the chief of the fathers of Israel in Jerusalem , in the rooms of the house of Jehovah .
A sword is on his horses and his chariots , and to all the mixed people in her midst . And they shall become as women . A sword is to her treasuries , and they shall be robbed .
Because of this watch , remembering that I did not cease admonishing each one with tears night and day for three years .
And because of this he ought to offer for sins as concerning the people , so also concerning himself .
And Judah and his brothers came to Joseph's house , and he was still there . And they fell before him to the earth .
And if not , then who will prove me a liar , and make my speech into nothing ?
And the Angel of Jehovah answered and said , O Jehovah of hosts , until when will You not have pity on Jerusalem , and on the cities of Judah , against which You have cursed these seventy years ?
to Him who struck great kings ; for His mercy endures forever ;
O house of Aaron , trust in Jehovah ; He is their help and their shield .
And Jesus took the loaves , and giving thanks distributed to the disciples , and the disciples to those reclining . And in the same way the fish , as much as they desired .
And the words of her older son Esau were told to Rebekah . And she sent and called her younger son Jacob . And she said to him , Behold ! Your brother Esau is going to ease himself on you , to kill you .
The height of the one cherub was ten cubits , and so was the second cherub .
For they are My servants , whom I have brought out from the land of Egypt ; they shall not be sold with the sale of a slave .
And Samuel said , As your sword has bereaved women of children , so shall your mother be bereft among women . And Samuel cut Agag in pieces before Jehovah in Gilgal .
also twenty basins of gold of a thousand drams , and two vessels of shining copper as precious as gold .
And the priest said to them , Go in peace . Your way in which you go is before Jehovah .
And it happened , when they came to Samaria , Elisha said , Open the eyes of these , O Jehovah , and they will see . And Jehovah opened their eyes , and they looked ; and , behold , they were in the middle of Samaria !
And coming , He again found them sleeping , for their eyes were heavy .

And he lived in the wilderness of Paran . And his mother took a wife for him out of the land of Egypt .
And as Moses came in before Jehovah to speak with Him , he took off the veil until he went out . And he would go out and speak to the sons of Israel that which he was commanded .
yet You will plunge me into the ditch , and my own clothes would abhor me .
Ephraim is a watchman with my God . The prophet is a snare of a fowler on all his ways ; hatred is in the house of his God .
And Jehovah has established His word that He spoke ; for I have risen up instead of my father David and sit on the throne of Israel , as Jehovah spoke , and have built the house for the name of Jehovah the God of Israel ;
Then going out from the land of the Chaldeans , he lived in Haran . And after his father died , God moved him from there into this land in which you now live .

And You have said to me , O Lord Jehovah , Buy for yourself the field with silver , and call witnesses ; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans .
He who loves silver will not be satisfied with silver ; and he who loves abundance does not gain . This is also vanity .
Is not God high in Heaven ? Also behold the leading stars , for they are high .
For , " Do not commit adultery , " " do not murder , " " do not steal , " do not bear false witness , " do not lust , " and if there is any other commandment , it is summed up in this word : " You shall love your neighbor as yourself . "
And he cried to Jehovah , and Jehovah showed him a tree . And he threw it into the water , and the water became sweet . He made a statute and an ordinance for them there , and He tested them there .
Hear my voice by Your mercy , O Jehovah ; give me life by Your judgment .
and houses full of every good thing which you have not filled , and wells dug which you did not dig , vineyards and oliveyards which you did not plant ; and you shall eat and be satisfied ;
For also your own heart knows that you yourself have also cursed others many times .
And if his hand does not reach to a lamb , then he shall bring his guilt offering , he who has sinned , two turtledoves , or two offspring of a dove , to Jehovah ; one for a sin offering , and one for a burnt offering .
The one who has an ear , hear what the Spirit says to the churches .
And they sat down to eat bread . And they lifted up their eyes and looked . And , behold , a caravan of Ishmaelites coming from Gilead ! And their camels were bearing spices , and balsam gum , and myrrh , going down to take them to Egypt .
And when David finished offering the burnt offering and the peace offering , and he blessed the people in the name of Jehovah ;
I went out full , and Jehovah has brought me back empty . Why do you call me Naomi , since Jehovah has set His eye against me , and the Almighty has done evil to me ?
And the one who received two talents also coming up , he said , Lord , you delivered two talents to me . Behold , I have gained two other talents above them .
So the Lord Jehovah says this : Because you have forgotten Me and cast Me behind your back , so also you bear your wickedness and your adulteries .
Whoever secretly slanders his neighbor , I will cut him off ; I will not endure him who has high eyes and a proud heart .
So David went on , he and six hundred men who were with him . And they came to the torrent Besor . And those that were left stood .
Your eyes have seen that which Jehovah has done in Baal-peor . For Jehovah your God has destroyed them from among you , the men that followed Baalpeor .
And the sons of Israel , according to their number , the heads of the fathers , and commanders of thousands and hundreds , and their scribes who served the king in every matter of the divisions which came in and went out month by month for all the months of the year , the one division had twenty four thousand .
Delighting , do I delight in the death of the wicked ? declares the Lord Jehovah . Is it not that he should turn from his ways and live ?
And in those days the nobles of Judah were increasing their letters going to Tobiah , and those of Tobiah came to them .
And it happened at midnight . Jehovah struck every first-born in the land of Egypt , from the first-born of Pharaoh , the one sitting on the throne , to the first-born of the captive who was in the prison house , and every first-born of animals .
But Jesus said , Are you also still without understanding ?
Have I not written to you the third time with counsels and knowledge ,
Young ones , it is a last hour , and as you heard that the antichrist is coming , even now many antichrists have risen up , from which you know that it is a last hour .
Hazor ; Ramah ; Gittaim ;

And he made a mercyseat of pure gold ; two cubits and a half long , and a cubit and a half wide .
Let all my enemies be ashamed and greatly troubled ; they shall turn back , ashamed in a moment .
Come , hear , and let me tell , all you who fear God , what He has done for my soul .
For the sin of divination is rebellion ; insolence is both iniquity and idolatry . Because you have rejected the word of Jehovah , so He has rejected you from being king .


To the chief musician . A Song . A Psalm . Make a joyful noise to God , all the earth ;
And Israel was joined to Baal-peor , and the anger of Jehovah burned against Israel .
And Zimri destroyed the whole house of Baasha , according to the word of Jehovah that He spoke as to Baasha , by the hand of Jehu the prophet ;
Heap on me ever so much bride-price and gift , and I will give as you say to me ; but give me the girl for a wife .
And the rest of the acts of Josiah , and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
But we having been exceedingly storm tossed , they made a casting on the next day .
For we know that all the creation groans together and travails together until now .
And I will make Mount Seir a ruin and a waste , and cut off from it the one passing through , and the one returning .
He gave two wagons and four oxen to the sons of Gershon , according to their service .
Oh send out Your light and Your truth ; let them lead me and bring me to the mount of Your holiness and to Your tabernacles .
So , then , brothers , stand firm and strongly hold the teachings you were taught , whether by word or by our letter .
I will praise You among the peoples , O Lord , I will sing to You among the nations .
But before the coming of faith , we were guarded under law , having been locked up to the faith being about to be revealed .
And you shall say to the people , Sanctify yourselves for tomorrow , and you shall eat flesh . For you have wept in the ears of Jehovah , saying , Who shall give us flesh , for we had good in Egypt ? And Jehovah shall give flesh to you , and you shall eat .
Remember them , O my God , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood and of the Levites .
Whoever is wise and will observe these things , they shall discern the mercies of Jehovah .
Let love be without dissimulation , shrinking from evil , cleaving to the good ,
He turned their heart to hate His people , to deal craftily with His servants .
Yet I destroyed the Amorite from before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the great trees . And I destroyed his fruit from above and his roots from below .
and I said , You shall come to here , but no further ; and here your proud waves shall be set ?
For all doing these things are an abomination to Jehovah . And because of these filthy acts Jehovah your God is expelling these nations before you .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Write this , a memorial in a book , and set it in the ears of Joshua , that I will utterly wipe away the remembrance of Amalek under the heavens .
And at the time of her death , when the women who stood by her said , Fear not , for you have borne a son ; she did not even answer , nor set her heart .
All the day they pervert my words ; all their thoughts are against me for evil .
And Jehovah shall go out and fight against those nations , like the day He fought in the day of battle .
Gebal and Ammon , and Amalek ; Philistia and the inhabitants of Tyre .
The twelfth for the twelfth month was Heldai of Netophah , of Othniel ; and In his division were twenty four thousand .
They are all adulterers , like an oven heated by the baker ; he ceases from stirring , from kneading the dough while it is leavened .
Behold ! It is coming , and it shall be done , declares the Lord Jehovah . That is the day of which I have spoken .
O king , the Most High God gave your father Nebuchadnezzar a kingdom , and majesty , and glory , and honor .
And Samuel said to Saul , I will not return with you , for you have rejected the word of Jehovah and Jehovah has rejected you from being king over Israel .
And the people of the land shall bury . And it shall be for a name to them , the day when I am glorified , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And talking with him , he went in and found many having come together .
They shall die of deadly diseases ; they shall not be mourned nor shall they be buried ; they shall be as dung on the face of the earth . And they shall be consumed by the sword and by famine , and their bodies shall be food for the birds of the heavens , and for the beasts of the earth .
And he overlaid the floor of the house with gold , inside and out .
but God is the judge ; He puts down this one and lifts up this other .
I will also gather all nations , and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat . And I will enter into judgment with them there , for My people and My inheritance , Israel , whom they have scattered among the nations ; and they shared out My land .
Take My yoke upon you and learn from Me , because I am meek and lowly in heart , " and you will find rest to your souls . "
and said , If it pleases the king , and if I have fond favor before him , and the thing is right before the king , and I am pleasing in his eyes , let it be written to bring back the documents ( a sly plan by Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite ) which he wrote to destroy the Jews who are in all the king's provinces .
because You will not leave My soul in Hades , nor will You give Your Holy One to see corruption .
the voice of joy , and the voice of gladness , the voice of the bridegroom , and the voice of the bride , the voice of those saying , Praise Jehovah of Hosts , for Jehovah is good , for His mercy endures forever ; those who shall bring the sacrifice of thanksgiving into the house of Jehovah . For I will bring back the captivity of the land , as at the first , says Jehovah .
Then after this He said to the disciples , Let us go to Judea again .
And Jehovah did according to the word of Moses . And the frogs died from the houses , from the courts , and from the fields .
For this was a statute for Israel , an ordinance of the God of Jacob .
My wounds have putrefied and rotted , because of my foolishness .
Be strong and brave . Do not fear them , or be afraid of them . For Jehovah your God is He who is going with you ; He shall not fail you nor forsake you .

And Jeroboam the son of Nebat , Solomon's servant , the son of David has risen up and rebelled against his lord .
It is not the great that are wise , nor the aged who perceive justice ;

We lie down in our shame , and our confusion covers us . For we have sinned against Jehovah our God , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day . And we have not obeyed the voice of Jehovah our God .
But in all this time I was not at Jerusalem . For in the thirty second year of Artaxerxes the king of Babylon , I came to the king . And after some days I asked leave from the king .
But now I wrote to you not to associate intimately ; if anyone is called a brother and is either a fornicator , or a covetous one , or an idolater , or a reviler , or a drunkard , or a plunderer , with such a one not to eat .
And I will give the land to be desolate because they have done a treacherous act , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And on that day God humbled Jabin the king of Canaan before the sons of Israel .
Take great stones to your hand and hide them in the mortar in the brickwork which is at the entrance to Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of Judah .
But the Chaldean army pursued them and overtook Zedekiah in the Arabah of Jericho . And they took him and brought him up to Nebu-chadnezzar king of Babylon , to Riblah in the land of Hamath , where he spoke judgment on him .
And the sons of Israel lived among the Canaanites , the Hittites , and the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites .
If a bird's nest happens to be before you in the way in any tree , or on the ground , with young ones , or eggs ; and the mother is sitting on the young , or on the eggs , you shall not take the mother with the young .
And Joseph lived in Egypt , he and the house of his father . And Joseph lived a hundred and ten years .
The stars fought from the heavens ; from their courses they fought with Sisera .
And they covered the eye of the earth , and the land became dark . And they ate every plant of the land , and all the fruit of the trees that the hail had left . And no greenness was left in the trees and in the plants of the field in all the land of Egypt .
And the day came when he came in there and turned into the roof room , and lay there .
And you shall defile the covering of your carved images of silver ; and the covering of your molten images of gold . You shall cast them out like a menstruous cloth ; you shall say to it , Go away !
And likewise , as it was in the days of Lot , they were eating , drinking , buying , selling , planting , building ;
And Jehovah was with Joshua , and his fame was in all the land .
Declare and bring near ; yea , let them consult together . Who has revealed this of old ; who has told it from then ? Is it not I , Jehovah ? And there is no God other than Me ; a just God and a Savior ; there is none except Me .
These trust in chariots , and these in horses but we will make mention in the name of Jehovah our God .
You shall not do according to all that we are doing here today , each doing all that is right in his own eyes .
Or do you not know that your body is a sanctuary of the Holy Spirit in you , which you have from God , and you are not of yourselves ?
And he made the holy oil of anointing , and the pure incense of fragrant spices , the work of a perfumer .
And it happened as Samuel offered up the burnt offering , the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel . And Jehovah thundered with a great noise on that day , on the Philistines , and troubled them . And they were stricken before Israel .
And Abimelech said , I do not know who has done this thing ; and also you have not told me ; even I have not heard , except today .
since it is a just thing with God to pay back tribulation to the ones troubling you ,

And it happened when all our enemies heard , and all the nations who were around us saw , they were very much lowered in their own eyes . For they saw that this work was done by our God .
And it happened , when spoke to the people , the seven priests bearing seven trumpets of the ram's horns before Jehovah passed on and blew with the ram's horn . And the ark of the covenant of Jehovah went after them .
And when they were filled , He said to His disciples , Gather up the fragments left over , that not anything be lost .

In those days Hezekiah was sick even to death , and he prayed to Jehovah , and He spoke to him , and gave a sign for him .

And continuing steadfastly with one mind day by day in the temple , and breaking bread from house to house , they shared food in gladness and simplicity of heart ,
My tent is ravaged , and all my cords are broken . My sons went away from me and they are not . There is no stretching out my tent any more , or setting up my curtains .
And Judah said to his father Israel , Send the youth with me , and let us rise up and go , and we may live and not die , both we , and you , and our little ones .
And Jehoram lay with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of David . And his son Ahaziah began to reign in his place .
And you shall overlay it with pure gold ; you shall overlay it inside and outside . And you shall make a wreath of gold all around on it .
And in the same way , the chief priests with the scribes and elders , mocking , said ,
O Hope of Israel , its Savior in time of trouble , why should You be as a stranger in the land , and as a traveler who turns aside to lodge ?
For on the first of the first month , he laid the foundation in order to go up from Babylon , and on the first of the fifth month he came to Jerusalem , according to the good hand of God on him .
At the end of seven years each man should let go his brother who is a Hebrew , who has been sold to him . When he has served you six years , you shall let him go free from you . But your fathers did not listen to Me nor bow down their ear .
who also will confirm you until the end , blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ .
who sharpen their tongue like a sword ; they tread their arrows , a bitter word ,
And if you lend to those from whom you hope to receive , what thanks is there to you ? For the sinners lend to sinners so that they may receive the same .
If the snake will bite without charming , then there is no advantage to a master of tongue .
And like an overflowing torrent , His breath shall divide to the neck , to sift the nations with the sieve of vanity , and a misleading bridle on the jaws of the peoples .
These are the families of the Reubenites ; and those who were numbered with them were forty three thousand , seven hundred and thirty .
For your hands are defiled by blood ; yea , your fingers with iniquity . Your lips have spoken falsehood ; your tongue murmurs perverseness .
Why ? Because I do not love you ? God knows .
They have prepared a net for my steps ; my soul is bowed down ; they have dug a pit before me ; they have fallen into it . Selah .
The floods have lifted up ; O Jehovah , the floods have lifted up their voice ; the floods have lifted their roaring waves .
And man will say , Truly , a fruit is to the righteous ; truly , there is a God judging in the earth .
Surely I would carry it on my shoulder , and bind it like crowns to me .
And she sent and called for Barak , the son of Abinoam , out of Kadesh in Naphtali , and said to him , Has not Jehovah the God of Israel commanded ? Go and draw toward Mount Tabor , and take ten thousand men of the sons of Naphtali , and of the sons of Zebulun with you .
Then the Pharisees said to themselves , Observe that you gain nothing . Behold , the world has gone after Him .
The Lord swallowed up all of Jacob's dwelling-places , and did not pity . In His wrath He has thrown down the strongholds of the daughter of Judah . He made them touch to the earth . He has defiled the kingdom and its rulers .
And He said to them , Truly I say to you , There are some of those standing here who in no way shall taste of death until they see the kingdom of God coming in power .
Blessed be Jehovah out of Zion , He who dwells at Jerusalem . Praise Jehovah !
And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit to Galilee . And a report went out through all the neighborhood about Him .

and Hadoram , and Uzal , and Diklah ,
so that his life loathes bread , and his soul desirable food .
One of the slaves of the high priest , being a relative of the one whose ear Peter cut off , said , Did I not see you in the garden with Him ?
Cursed is he who dishonors his father or his mother ! And all the people shall say , Amen !
For he has said , It is no benefit for a man when he is accepted with God .
And it was , because the midwives feared God , He made houses for them .
and on Kiriath-aim , and on Beth-gamul , and on Beth-meon ,
And they say to God , Depart from us , for we do not desire the knowledge of Your ways .
And going up from the water , immediately He saw the heavens being torn , and the Spirit coming down as a dove upon Him .
Speak to the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , to any man , When there is a discharge from his flesh ; it is unclean because of his discharge .
All died in whose nostrils was the breath of life , of all that was in the dry land .
I wrote to the church , but he loving to be first of them , Diotrephes , does not receive us .
And sending them to Bethlehem , he said , Having gone , search carefully for the child . And when you find him , bring me word again so that coming I may also worship him .
And as He came to the place , looking up , Jesus saw him , and said to him , Zaccheus , hurry , come down , for today I must stay in your house .
If any man sins against his neighbor , and an oath be exacted of him to cause him to swear , and the oath has come before Your altar in this house ,

Fools are afflicted from the way of their rebellion , and from their iniquities ;

But if you will not hear it , my soul shall weep in secret places for your pride . And my eye shall bitterly weep and run down with tears , because the flock of Jehovah was captured .
Because Syria , Ephraim , and the son of Remaliah have plotted evil against you , saying ,

And Leah saw that she had ceased from bearing . And she took Zilpah , her slave-girl , and gave her to Jacob for a wife .
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;
Show me a token for good , that those who hate me may see and be ashamed , O Jehovah , because You have helped me and comforted me .
My soul shall make its boast in Jehovah ; the humble shall hear and be glad .
Bow down Your heavens , O Jehovah ; and come down ; touch the mountains and they shall smoke .
And now let us cut a covenant with our God to put away all the women , and those born of them , according to the counsel of the Lord and of those who tremble at the command of our God . And let it be done according to the law .
And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his place over the army . And the king put Zadok the priest in the place of Abiathar .
And the house of Joseph sent to spy around Bethel , and the name of the city formerly was Luz .
Speak to the sons of Israel and say to them , When you come into the land to which I bring you ,
and Iphedeiah , and Penuel , the sons of Shashak ;
You also shall be a crown of beauty in the hand of Jehovah , and a royal diadem in the palm of your God .
She bitterly weeps in the night , and her tears are on her cheeks . She has no comforter among all her lovers . All her friends dealt deceit with her ; they became enemies to her .
And everyone who did not seek after Jehovah the God of Israel was put to death , from the small to the great , from man and to woman .
The priests shall not eat of every corpse and torn thing , of birds , or of beasts .
Those who come to Jacob , He shall make take root . Israel shall blossom and bud and fill the face of the world with fruit .
because they will lack bread and water , and each one be appalled with his brother . And they will waste away in their iniquity .
They have spoken words , swearing falsely to cut a covenant . So judgment springs up like hemlock in the furrows of the field .
And it happened , when Abram had come into Egypt , the Egyptians saw the woman , that she was very beautiful .
And Joshua the son of Nun , the servant of Jehovah , died , being a son of a hundred and ten years .
and for the nations to glorify God for mercy , even as it has been written , " Because of this I will confess to You in the nations , and I will give praise to Your name . "
Others said , He is Elijah ; and others said , He is a prophet or as one of the prophets .
And those of the body we think to be less honorable , to these we put more abundant honor around them . And our unpresentable members have more abundant propriety .
And the sons of Israel pulled off their ornaments , from Mount Horeb .
And the Egyptians dealt ill with us , and afflicted us , and put hard labor on us .
You shall not round the corner of your head , nor mar the corner of your beard .
Brothers , do not be children in your minds , but in malice be like infants , and in your minds be mature .
He makes peace in your border , He satisfies you with the fat of the wheat .
And having arrived , and gathering the church , they reported what things God did with them and that He opened a door of faith to the nations .
Son of man , I have shattered the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt . and behold , it shall not be bound up to give healing , to set a bandage to bind it , to make it strong to handle the sword .
And neither sun nor stars appearing over many days , and no small tempest pressing hard , now all hope of our being saved was taken away .
who will transform our body of humiliation , for it to be conformed to His body of glory , according to the working of His power , even to put all things under Himself .
And Joseph said to his father , They are my sons , whom God has given to me here . And he said , Now bring them to me and I will bless them .

and Ahijah , Hanan , Anan ,
The one believing and being baptized will be saved . And the one not believing will be condemned .
And all the tithe of the land , of the seed of the land , of the fruit of the tree , shall be Jehovah's ; it is holy to Jehovah .
At that time Berodach-baladan , the son of Baladan the king of Babylon , sent letters and a present to Hezekiah , for he heard that Hezekiah had been ill .
But it was a great calamity to Jonah's eye , and it kindled anger in him .
Ain , Remmon , and Ether , and Ashan ; four cities and their villages ;
Whatever is commanded by the God of Heaven , let it be carefully done for the house of the God of Heaven . For why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons ?
But the Spirit expressly says that in latter times some will depart from the faith , cleaving to deceiving spirits and teachings of demons ,
And entering into the boat , He passed over and came to His own city .
Then these came to Philip , the one from Bethsaida of Galilee , and asked him , saying , Sir , we desire to see Jesus .
And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria , and the spirit of Tilgath-pilneser , king of Assyria , and he exiled them ; even the Reubenites ; and the Gadites ; and the half tribe of Manasseh . And he brought them to Halah , and Habor , and Hara , and to the Gozan River , to this day .
And the Levites shall answer , and shall say to all the men of Israel with a loud voice :

Unless one remains in Me , he is cast out as the branch and is dried up ; and they gather and throw them into a fire , and they are burned .
Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces , and they spread their net over him ; he was taken in their pit .
But woe to the pregnant women , and the ones suckling in those days ; for great distress will be on the earth and wrath on this people .
Everyone putting away his wife , and marrying another , commits adultery . And everyone marrying her who has been put away from a husband commits adultery .
Why do your disciples transgress the tradition of the elders ? For they do not wash their hands when they eat bread .
And Jethro said , Blessed be Jehovah who has from the hand of Pharaoh ; who has delivered the people from under the hand of Egypt .
For so He commanded me by the word of Jehovah , saying , You shall not eat bread nor drink water , nor turn back in the way that you have come .
Again I say to you , If two of you agree on earth as to anything , whatever they shall ask , it shall be to them from My Father in Heaven .
The waters grew strong , fifteen cubits upward , and the mountains were covered .
And of Gad he said , Blessed is he who enlarges Gad ; he shall live like a lioness , and shall tear the arm , also the crown .
It shall be a never ending statute for your generations in all your dwellings . You shall not eat any fat or any blood .
And Nadab's sons : Seled and Appaim . But Seled died without sons .
" to preach an acceptable year of the Lord . "
And a son of eight days shall be circumcised among you , every male in your generation , he that is born in the house , or bought with silver from any son of a foreigner who is not of your seed .
As face reflects face in the water , so the heart of man reflects a man .
saying , You went in to uncircumcised men and ate with them .
they reeled blind in the streets . They are defiled with blood , so that not any are able to touch their garments .
And they said , Some say John the Baptist , and others Elijah , and others Jeremiah , or one of the prophets .
But it is a spirit in man giving them perception , even the breath of the Almighty .
A boar out of the forest wastes it , and the beast of the field feeds on it .
which sends envoys by the sea , even in ships of papyrus on the face of the waters . Go , swift messengers , to a nation tall and smooth , to a dreadful people from it and onwards ; and a nation mighty and trampling down , whose land the rivers have divided !
And you have today shown that you have dealt well with me , in that Jehovah shut me up into your hand , and you did not kill me .
But I exhort you , brothers , by our Lord Jesus Christ , and by the love of the Spirit , to strive together with me in your prayers to God on my behalf ,
even Azariah , Ezra , and Meshullam ,
I drew them with cords of a man , with bands of love . And I was to them as those who lift off the yoke on their jaws ; and I gently give food to him .
I will keep My mercy for Him forever , and My covenant shall hold fast with Him .
And it happened , as Joab watched the city , that he sent Uriah to the place where he knew would be mighty men .
The second woe departed . And , behold , the third woe is coming quickly .
Jod . Your hands made me and fixed me ; give me discernment that I may learn Your commands .
Where is your king now , that he may save you in all your cities ? And where are your judges of whom you said , Give to me a king and rulers ?

Take heed to yourselves . And if your brother sins against you , rebuke him ; and if he repents , forgive him .
And of the sons of Israel went up some of the priests , and the Levites , and the singers , and the gatekeepers , and the temple-slaves to Jerusalem in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king .
And the sons of Shemida : Ahian , and Shechem , and Likhi , and Aniam .
And he will also bring their gods with their casted images , with silver and gold vessels of their possessions , into exile to Egypt . And for years he will stand away from the king of the north .
And I saw another sign in Heaven , great and marvelous : seven angels having the last seven plagues , because the anger of God was completed in them .
and camped against them , and destroyed the produce of the land until you enter Gaza . And they left no food in Israel , either sheep , or ox , or ass .
After these things I saw . And behold , a door being opened in Heaven ! And I heard the first voice as a trumpet speaking with me , saying , Come up here , and I will show you what needs to happen after these things .

But you say , If a man says to his father or mother , Corban , ( which is , A gift ! ) whatever you may profit by me .
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;
And after these things , He was revealed in a different form to two of them walking and going into the country .

I find then the law , when I desire to do the right , that evil is present with me .

God will not withdraw His anger ; the helpers of pride stoop under Him .
And all men shall fear and shall declare the work of God ; yea , they shall in wisdom consider His work .
And he said , Blessed be you of Jehovah , my daughter . You have dealt more kindly at the latter end than at the beginning , not to go after the young men , either poor or rich .
the word of Jehovah surely became known to Ezekiel , the son of Buzi , the priest , in the land of the Chaldeans , by the river Chebar . And there the hand of Jehovah was on him .
And seeing one being wronged , he defended him , and he avenged the one getting the worse , striking the Egyptian .
And Moses returned to Jehovah and said , Lord , why have You done evil to this people ? Why then have You sent me ?
And if I cast out the demons by Beelzebub , by whom do your sons cast out ? Because of this they shall be your judges .
They stoop ; they bow together ; they are not able to deliver the burden ; and their soul has gone into captivity .



And Jehovah of hosts , who planted you , has spoken evil against you , because of the evil of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah which they have done to themselves , to provoke Me to anger by burning incense to Baal .
And they lifted up and threw him into the sea . And the sea ceased from its raging .

And an earthen vessel in which it is boiled shall be broken . And if it is boiled in a bronze vessel , then it shall be scoured and rinsed with water .
Then be watchful at every time , begging that you be counted worthy to escape all these things which are about to happen , and to stand before the Son of man .

And Jehovah shall prosper you in goods , and in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground in the land which Jehovah swore to your fathers to give it to you .
And he carried away all Jerusalem , and all the leaders , and all the mighty men of valor , even ten thousand captives , and all the craftsmen and the smiths ; none remained except the poorest sort of the people of the land .
And he took Geshur and Aram with the towns of Jair from them , with Kenath and its towns , sixty cities . All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead .
And these were the names of the chiefs of Esau , according to their families , according to their places , by their names : Chief Timnah , Chief Alvah , Chief Jetheth ,
Oh that you had listened to My commands ! Then your peace would have been like the river , and your righteousness like the waves of the sea .
And you take up a lament for the rulers of Israel ,
He reigned three years in Jerusalem , and his mother's name was Maachah the daughter of Abishalom .
let there be none giving mercy to him ; nor any to have pity on his orphans ;
Helkath and its open lands , Rehob and its open lands ; four cities .
And Pharaoh called to Moses and said , Go , serve Jehovah . Only leave your flocks and your herds behind . Your little ones may go with you .
And when a person brings near an offering , a food offering to Jehovah , his offering shall be of flour . And he shall pour oil on it ; and he shall put on it frankincense .
And Noah lived three hundred and fifty years after the flood .
And you , son of man , will it not be on the day when I take from them their strength , the joy of their beauty , the desire of their eyes , and the lifting up of their soul , their sons and their daughters ?
Their roaring shall be like a lion ; they shall roar like young lions . Yea , they roar and seize the prey , and carry it away ; and no one shall deliver .
Nebuchadnezzar spoke and said , Blessed be the God of Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , who has sent His Angel and has delivered His servants who trusted in Him , and have changed the king's words , and have given their bodies that they might not serve nor worship any god except their own God .
For if Joshua gave them rest , then He would not have afterwards spoken about another day .
And the Philistine rulers were angry against him . And the Philistine rulers said to him , Send the man back , and he shall return to his place where you have appointed him . And he shall not go down with us into battle , and shall not become a foe to us in battle . And with what should this one give pleasure to his master , if not with the heads of these men ?
I also made sackcloth my clothing , and I became a mockery to them .
Again , the kingdom of Heaven is compared to treasure hidden in the field , which finding , a man hid ; and for the joy of it , he goes and sells all things , as many as he has , and buys that field .
And he did evil in the eyes of Jehovah , as his father Manasseh did ; and Amon sacrificed to all the graven images that his father Manasseh had made , and served them .
The word which was to from Jehovah , when king Zedekiah sent Pashur the son of Melchiah , and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest to him , saying ,
The one who rejects Me and does not receive My words has that judging him : the Word which I spoke , that will judge him in the last Day .
Right words are powerful , but what does your arguing argue ?
And Reuben said to them , Do not shed blood . Throw him into this pit in the desert , but do not lay a hand on him ; so that he might deliver him from their hands , to return him to his father .
When I made the clouds to clothe it , and darkness its navel-band ;
those numbered of them for the tribe of Gad were forty five thousand and six hundred and fifty .
And their appearance was as one , the four of them , as if the wheel were in the midst of the wheel .
Whoever removes stones may be hurt with them ; he who splits trees may be endangered by them .
And all the walls of the house all around he carved with figures of cherubs and palm trees , and spread out flowers inside and out .
For , behold , in those days and in that time , when I bring again the exiles of Judah and Jerusalem ,
And she opened it and saw the child , and , behold , a boy crying ! And she had pity on him and said , This one is of the children of the Hebrews .
And Jesus Himself was beginning to be about thirty years old , being , as was supposed , the son of Joseph , the son of Heli ,
These were the sons of Zilpah , whom Laban gave to his daughter Leah ; and she bore these to Jacob , sixteen souls .
then the word of God came to Shemaiah a man of God , saying ,
Of the sons of Izhar , Shelomith was the head .
And she said to Abraham , Drive away this slave-girl and her son , for the son of this slave-girl shall not inherit with my son , with Isaac .
The priest shall put them on seven days , the one from his sons taking his place ; the one who comes into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the sanctuary .
For it is as if a man going abroad called his own slaves and delivered his goods to them .
And in the seventh year Jehoiada made himself strong and took the commanders of the hundreds , even Azariah the son of Jeroham , and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan , and Azariah the son of Obed , and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah , and Elishaphat the son of Zichri , into covenant with him .
But now , in Christ Jesus you who then were afar off came to be near by the blood of Christ .
And the pride of Israel answers to his face . So Israel and Ephraim shall stumble in their iniquity . Judah shall also stumble with them .
And when the turn of had come ( she being the daughter of Abihail , Mordecai's uncle , whom he had taken to himself for his daughter ) to go in to the king , she did not seek a thing except what Hegai the king's eunuch , the keeper of the women , said . And had favor in the sight of all who looked on her .
And the king of Egypt said to them , Moses and Aaron , why do you loose the people from their work ? You go to your burdens .
So may Jehovah do to Jonathan , and do much more than this , if it should seem good to my father to do evil to you , then I will reveal it in your ear and send you away . And you shall go in peace ; and may Jehovah be with you , as He was with my father .
He shall not be rich , nor shall his wealth hold out ; nor shall he stretch out their gain on the earth .
But concerning the land which they lift up with their soul , to return there , they shall not return there .
Yes , Father , for so it was pleasing before You .
But I , brothers , if I proclaim circumcision , why am I still persecuted ? Then the offense of the Cross has passed away .
For he entering into His rest , he himself also rested from His works , as God had rested from His own .

And you took up the tent of Moloch , and the star of your god Remphan , the figures which you made " " in order to worship them . And I will remove you beyond " Babylon .

And in the fifth month , in the tenth of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king Nebu-chadnezzar of Babylon , Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , who stood before the king of Babylon , came into Jerusalem .
being persuaded of this very thing , that the One having begun a good work in you will finish it until the day of Jesus Christ ;
And it shall be , in the morning , about the sunrise , you shall rise early and charge against the city . And , behold , he and the people with him will come out to you ; and you shall do to him as you find your hand able to do .
But if he really redeems it , then he shall add its fifth to your evaluation .
And they sent the tunic reaching to the soles of his feet , and they took it to their father , and said , We have found this . Now look , is it your son's tunic ?
and prayed to Him , and He was entreated of him and heard his supplication , and returned him to Jerusalem to his kingdom ; and Manasseh knew that Jehovah , He is God .
And he said to him , I shall not go , but I shall go to my land and to my kindred .
Amaziah was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign , and he reigned twenty nine years in Jerusalem ; and the name of his mother was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem .
The snorting of his horses was heard from Dan ; all the land trembles at the sound of the neighing of his stallions . For they come and devour the land and its fullness , the city and those who live in it .
They surrounded me like waters all the day long ; they have come together around me .
son of Enos , the son of Seth , the son of Adam , the son of God .
And Jacob's fountain was there . Then being wearied by the journey , Jesus sat thus on the fountain . It was about the sixth hour .
He was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign , and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem .
Matthew and Thomas ; James the son of Alpheus , and Simon , the one being called Zealot ;
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;
and Joab said to the man who told him , And behold , you have seen . And why did you not strike him to the earth there and call on me to give you ten silverlings and a girdle ?
But to the rest I say , not the Lord , if any brother has an unbelieving wife , and she consents to live with him , let him not leave her .
Go and cry to the gods which you have chosen ; let them save you in the time of your distress .
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;




And he went up there to the inhabitants of Debir ; and the name of Debir formerly was the City of Sepher .
But if you turn away your heart , and you do not listen , and are drawn on , even you will bow down to other gods , and serve them ;
For God did not send His Son into the world that He might judge the world , but that the world might be saved through Him .
And his father and his mother did not know that it was from Jehovah , that He was seeking an occasion against the Philistines . For at that time the Philistines were ruling over Israel .
O dweller , daughter of Dibon , come down from glory and sit in thirst . For a ravager of Moab shall come on you ; he has ruined your strongholds .
and Azariah fathered Seraiah ; and Seraiah fathered Jehozadak ;
And the sons of Israel cried to Jehovah , saying , We have sinned against You , even because we have forsaken our God , and have served the Baals .
encourage your hearts , and may He establish you in every good word and work .
And a mighty king shall stand up and shall rule with great authority and do according to his will .
And Simeon blessed them and said to His mother Mariam , Behold , this One is set for the fall and rising up of many in Israel , and for a sign spoken against ;
So says the Lord Jehovah : I will also take , even I , of the top of the highest cedar and I will set it ; I will crop off a tender one from the first of its young twig , and I will plant it on a high and lofty mountain .
And he did so to them , and delivered them from the hand of the sons of Israel . And they did not Kill them .
Where there is no vision , the people are unrestrained . But blessed is he , the keeper of the law .
And he turned away from them and wept , and returned to them and spoke to them . And he took Simeon from them and bound him before their eyes .
And the sons of Israel seized for themselves all the plunder of these cities , and the livestock . But they struck every human being by the mouth of the sword , until they had destroyed them ; they did not leave anyone breathing .
For I gave you an example , that as I did to you , you also should do .
For the free gifts and the calling of God are without repentance .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
but I see another law in my members having warred against the law of my mind , and taking me captive by the law of sin being in my members .
He also made ten tables , and placed them in the temple , five on the right , and five on the left ; and he made a hundred basins of gold .
You shall be blessed when you come in , and you shall be blessed when you go out .
And he did evil in the eyes of Jehovah according to all that Jehoiakim did .
And answering Jesus , they said , We do not know . And He said to them , Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things .
The doorkeeper opens to him , and the sheep hear his voice , and he calls his own sheep by name , and leads them out .
a proud look , a lying tongue , and hands that shed innocent blood ,
whom Heaven truly needs to receive until the times of restoration of all things , of which God spoke through the mouth of all His holy prophets from the age past .
And asking for a writing tablet , he wrote , saying , John is his name . And all marveled .
A little while and you do not see Me . And again a little while , and you will see Me , because I go away to the Father .
Then I passed on to the Fountain Gate , and to the King's Pool . But there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
They will cause you to go down to the Pit , and you shall die the deaths of the slain in the heart of the seas .
Death and life are in the power of the tongue , and those who love it shall eat its fruit .
I have seen your adulteries and your neighings , the plot of your infidelity , your abominations on the hills , in the fields . Woe to you , O Jerusalem ! Will you not be made clean ? Now long will it still be ?
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah according to all that his fathers did .
And began to enter a day's journey into the city . And he cried out and said , Yet forty days and Nineveh shall be overthrown !
For as Jehovah lives , who delivers Israel , surely if it is my son Jonathan , he shall certainly die . And no one answered him from all the people .
Then she let them down by a rope through the window , for her house was in the side of the wall , and she lived in the wall .
I knew you before I formed you in the belly ; and before you came out of the womb , I consecrated you . I appointed you a prophet to the nations .
At this time tomorrow I will send to you a man out of the land of Benjamin . And you shall anoint him for the leader over My people Israel . And he shall save My people out of the hand of the Philistines ; for I have seen My people , for its cry has come to Me .
And he came in . And , behold , Eli was sitting on the seat by the side of the highway , watching . For his heart trembled for the ark of God . And the man came in to report in the city . And all the city cried out .
And the pillars : the height of one pillar was eighteen cubits , and a line of twelve cubits went around it , and its thickness was four fingers ; it was hollow .
Then Jesus said to them , If God were your Father , you would love Me , for I went forth and have come from God . For I have not come from Myself , but that One sent Me .
And Nahshon fathered Salma , and Salma fathered Boaz ,

And the king said to him , Until many times must I adjure you that you speak nothing to me but the truth in the name of Jehovah ?
and having readiness to avenge all disobedience , whenever your obedience is fulfilled .
And they called the people to the sacrifices of their gods . And the people ate and bowed themselves to their gods .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Whoever has sinned against Me , I will blot him from My book .
And Jehovah said to Moses , I will bring still one more plague on Pharaoh and on Egypt . Afterward he will send you from here . When he sends you away completely , he will surely drive you out from here .
Woe to you , O land , when your king is a boy , and your leaders eat in the morning .
So prophesy against them , prophesy , son of man !
Then he sweeps on like a wind ; and he transgresses and is guilty , crediting this power of his to his god .

And now , bring a minstrel to me . And it happened when the minstrel played , the hand of Jehovah was on him .
meddling , of men whose mind has been corrupted and deprived of the truth , supposing gain to be godliness . Withdraw from such persons .
They shall perish , but You shall endure ; yea , all of them shall become old like a garment ; You shall change them like clothing , and they shall be changed .
Hearing that Jesus was coming from Judea into Galilee , this one went out to Him and asked Him that He would come and heal his son , for he was about to die .
And they were jealous of Moses the saint of Jehovah in the camp of Aaron ;
And Solomon said , Jehovah has said that He would dwell in the thick darkness .
one golden pan of ten shekels full of incense ;
And David sang this death-dirge over Saul , and over his son Jonathan ;


And for the Levitical priests , they shall not have a man cut off before Me to offer burnt offerings , and to kindle grain offerings , and to do sacrifice continually .
Jehovah , I have heard Your report ; I am afraid , Jehovah . Give new life to Your work in the midst of years , in the midst of years make known ; in anger remember compassion .
A true witness delivers souls , but a deceitful witness speaks lies .

And a woman being in a flow of blood from twelve years , who had spent her whole living on physicians , and could not be cured by anyone ,
And the sons of Israel spoke to Moses , saying , Behold , we die . we perish , we all perish .
Tremble before Him , all the earth ; yea , the earth is established , it shall not be moved !
And you will be hated by all because of My name .
And Jehovah said , You have had pity on the plant for which you had not labored , nor made it grow , which was the son of a night and perished the son of a night ,
So that you may keep judgment , and your lips may keep knowledge .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , saying : You and your wives have both spoken with your mouths , and fulfilled with your hands , saying , We will surely fulfill our vows that we have vowed , to burn incense to the queen of heaven , and to pour out drink offerings to her . You certainly do perform your vows and certainly make stand your vows .
And answered Jehovah and said :
And when a person sins , and hears the voice of swearing , and he is a witness , or has seen , or has known , if he does not reveal it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
And when He opened the third seal , I heard the third living creature saying , Come and see . And I saw , and behold , a black horse , and the one sitting on it having a balance in his hand .
And He said , Lift up your eyes and see all the rams leaping on the flock ; they are striped , speckled and spotted . For I have seen all that Laban is doing to you .
Benaiah , Bedeiah , Chelluh ,
When you father sons and son's sons , and you have been long in the land , and have dealt corruptly , and have made a graven image , a likeness of anything , and have done evil in the sight of Jehovah your God , to provoke Him to anger ;
And Nathan said to the king , All that is in your heart , go , do . For Jehovah shall be with you .
Why is Your clothing red , and Your garments like one who treads in the winepress ?
And the woman came to Saul . And she saw that he was greatly distressed , and said to him , Behold , your servant has listened to your voice , and I put my life in my hand , and I obeyed your words which you spoke to me .
And Micaiah said , If you at all return in peace , Jehovah has not spoken by me . And he said , Hear , O people , all of them .
The east wind lifts him up and he is gone ; for it whirls him out of his place .
And Jehoiada cut a covenant between Jehovah and the king and the people to be for a people to Jehovah , and between the king and the people .
Teach me Your way , O Jehovah ; I will walk in your truth ; unite my heart to fear Your name .
And the king swore and said , As Jehovah lives , who has redeemed my soul out of all distress ,
In this way you shall prepare daily , seven days , bread for a fire offering , a soothing fragrance to Jehovah . It shall be prepared besides the continual burnt offering and its drink offering .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
Hear and give ear ; do not be proud , for Jehovah has spoken .
indeed having been foreknown before the foundation of the world , but revealed in the last times because of you ,
and it shall be , when your days have been fulfilled to go away with your fathers , that I shall raise up your seed after you , who shall be of your sons , and I shall establish his kingdom .
Remember that my life is a breath ; my eyes shall not return to see good .
Shall we again break Your commandments and intermarry with the people of these abominations ? Would You not be angry with us until You had crushed us , until there is no remnant or survivor ?
And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as Jehovah had commanded Moses .
And the sons of Ammon saw that they were odious to David . And the sons of Ammon sent and hired Syrians from Beth-rehob , and Syrians from Zobah , twenty thousand footmen ; and the king of Maacah with a thousand men ; and the men of Tob with twelve thousand men .
Now , then , write this song for you , and teach it to the sons of Israel . Put it in their mouths , so that this song shall be for a witness to Me against the sons of Israel .
And the width of the face of the house , and the separate area toward the east , a hundred cubits .
But if you will not listen to Me to keep the sabbath day holy , and not to carry a burden and enter at the gates of Jerusalem on the sabbath day , then I will kindle a fire in her gates . And it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem ; yea , it shall not be put out .
And she left him , and shut the door on her and on her sons . They carried to her , and she poured out .
You shall eat it before Jehovah your God year by year in the place which Jehovah shall choose , you and your household .
For there is not a just man on the earth who does good , and does not sin .
and a white rising has replaced the boil , or a bright white spot , very red , a reddish white , then it shall be looked upon by the priest .
Let those curse it who curse the day , those ready to stir up Leviathan .
And when He opened the fifth seal , I saw under the altar the souls of those having been slain for the word of God , and for the witness which they had .
In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem , Fear not ! Zion , do not let your hands droop .
This the prophet spoke to all the people of Judah and to all the residents of Jerusalem , saying ,
For they loved the glory of men more than the glory of God .
And He will reign over the house of Jacob forever ; and of His kingdom there will be no end .
And , behold , He speaks publicly , and they say nothing to him . Perhaps the rulers truly knew that this is indeed the Christ ?
And the silver of the numbered ones of the assembly was a hundred talents , and a thousand seven hundred and seventy five shekels , by the shekel of the sanctuary ,
O Jehovah , I have loved the place of Your house , and the place where Your glory dwells .
Did you not see a vain vision and speak a lying divination ? Yet you say , Jehovah declares , though I have not spoken .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
preach the Word , be urgent in season , out of season , convict , warn , encourage with all long-suffering and teaching .
And she said , Behold my servant Bilhah ! Go in to her and let her bear on my knees ; yea , let me be built up from her , me also .
And He coming out from the boat , immediately out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit met Him ,
How he went into the house of God , and he took the Loaves of Arrangement , and ate , and even gave to those with him , which it is not lawful to eat , except only the priests ?
And the name of his brother was Jubal ; he was the father of all those playing the harp and the organ .
about whom I have nothing certain to write to my Lord . Because of this I brought him before you , and most of all before you , king Agrippa , so as the examination taking place , I may have somewhat to write .
In the way of righteousness is life , and in that pathway is no death .
Lord Jehovah , You have begun to show Your servant Your greatness and Your mighty hand ( for who is a God in the heavens or in the earth who can do according to Your works and according to Your might ? )
We acknowledge our wickedness , O Jehovah , the iniquity of our fathers ; for we have sinned against You .
And Jehovah plagued the people because they made the calf , which Aaron made .
When the foundations are destroyed , what can the righteous do ?

And the younger of them said to the father , Father give me that part of the property falling to me . And he divided the living to them .
And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh ; but he taxed the land to give the silver by the mouth of Pharaoh . From each , according to his valuation , he exacted the silver and gold from the people of the land , to give to Pharaoh-necho .
In this same day Noah and Shem and Ham and Japheth , the sons of Noah , and Noah's wife , and the three wives of his sons with them , went into the ark ;
So also when you see these things happening , you know that the kingdom of God is near .
And when Jehovah had finished speaking to Abraham , then Abraham returned to his place .

And the Sidonians , and Amalek , and Maon have oppressed you , and you cried to Me , and I saved you out of their hand .
And she took off her widow's robes from her , and veiled herself with a veil , and disguised herself . And she sat at the entrance of Enaim , which is on the way to Timnah . For she saw that Shelah had grown up , and she had not been given to him for a wife .
For who makes you to differ ? And what do you have that you did not receive ? And if you received it , why do you boast as if you did not receive ?

Because the Lord Himself shall come down from Heaven with a commanding shout of an archangel's voice , and with God's trumpet . And the dead in Christ will rise again first .
And on the morrow , desiring to know the certainty as to why he was accused by the Jews , he freed him from the bonds . And he commanded the chief priests and all their sanhedrin to come . And bringing Paul down , he set him among them .
And all those hearing marveled about the things spoken to them by the shepherds .
And I will pluck your shrines from your midst , and I will destroy your cities .
In that day Jehovah shall protect around the inhabitants of Jerusalem . And it will be , he who is feeble among them in that day shall be like David , and the house of David shall be like God , like the Angel of Jehovah before them .
but the end of the commandment is love out of a pure heart and a good conscience , and faith not pretended ,
and so all Israel will be saved , even as it has been written , " The Deliverer will come out of Zion , and He will turn away ungodliness from Jacob .
And you shall hear what they say . And afterward your hand shall be made stronger , and you shall go down against the army . And he went down , he and his young man Phurah , to the edge of the battle alignment in the camp .
Behold , the name of Jehovah comes from afar ; His anger burns ; and is heavy as the uplifting of smoke ; His lips are full of fury , and His tongue like a devouring fire .
Also day by day , from the first day until the last day , he read in the Book of the Law of God . And they made the feast seven days , and on the eighth day was an assembly according to the Law .
Blessed be God , who has not turned away my prayer and His mercy from me !
And the thing was right in the eyes of the king , and in the eyes of the congregation .
And the rest of the acts of Pekah and all that he did , behold , they are written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel .
for their calamity shall rise suddenly , and who knows the ruin of both of them ?
The seventh for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite , of the sons of Ephraim ; and in his division were twenty four thousand .

then God said , Let light be ! And there was light .
Who is like Jehovah our God , who sits on high to dwell ;
By faith he left Egypt , not fearing the anger of the king ; for he kept on as seeing the Invisible One .
Then the kingdom of Heaven shall be compared to ten virgins who taking their lamps , went out to a meeting of the bridegroom .
For , behold , I will shake My hand over them , and they shall be a prize for their servants . And you shall know that Jehovah has sent Me .
And God said , Let luminaries be in the expanse of the heavens , to divide between the day and the night . And let them be for signs and for seasons , and for days and years .
And at Taberah , and at Massah , and at The Graves of Lust you provoked Jehovah to anger .
And they said to him , We have dreamed a dream , and there is no interpreter . And Joseph said to them , Do not interpretations belong to God ? Now tell it to me .
not according to the covenant which I made with their fathers in the day of My taking hold of their hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt ; because they did not continue in My covenant , and I did not regard them , says the Lord .
And He rode on a cherub , and did fly , and was seen on the wings of the wind .
I will go into Your house with burnt offerings ; I will pay You my vows ,
And he was with them , going in and going out in Jerusalem , and speaking boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus .
And a man who lies with his father's wife , who has uncovered the nakedness of his father , both of them shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be on them .
Then the disciples of John came to Him , saying , Why do we and the Pharisees fast much , and Your disciples do not fast ?

But they shall become his servants , and they shall know My service , and the service of the kingdoms of the lands .
For if the eagerness is present , it is acceptable according to what one has , not according to what one does not have .
And Leah conceived again and bore a sixth son to Jacob .
This evil people who refuse to hear My words , who walk in the stubbornness of their heart , and walk after other gods , to serve them and to worship them , shall even be like this band which is not useful for anything .
to my beloved child Timothy : Grace , mercy , peace from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord .
I will also cause all her joy to cease , her feast days , her new moons , and her sabbaths , and all her solemn feasts .
And the hand of the Lord was with them , and a great number believing , they turned to the Lord .
You still are exalting yourself against My people , so as not to send them away .
He stretched His hand over the sea ; He shook kingdoms . Jehovah has made a decree against the merchant city , to destroy its forts .
Zalmon the Ahohite ; Maharai the Netophathite ;
And I will raise up shepherds over them who will shepherd them . And they will fear no more , nor be terrified ; nor will they be missing anything , says Jehovah .
Oh the happiness of your men , and the happiness of your servants , these who stand before you continually and hear your wisdom !
And it shall be , when you have come into the land which Jehovah your God is giving to you as an inheritance , and you have possessed it , and live in it ;
as Jehovah commanded Moses . So the daughters of Zelophehad did .
And he poured of the anointing oil on the head of Aaron , and anointed him , to sanctify him .
But I deem it right , so long as I am in this tabernacle , to stir you up by a reminder ,
You have not made the weak strong ; and you have not healed the sick , and you have not bound up the broken . And the banished have not been brought back , and you have not sought the lost , but you rule them with force and with harshness .
As Peter was yet speaking these words , the Holy Spirit fell on all those hearing the Word .
You judge according to the flesh . I judge no one .
But He said to him , Man , who appointed Me a judge or a divider over you ?
When you have made an end of tithing all the tithes of your increase the third year , the year of tithing , and have given it to the Levite , the alien , the orphan , and the widow , that they may eat inside your gates , and be filled ,
for they are life to those who find them , and healing to all his flesh .

And he put an army in all the fortified cities in Judah , and placed command posts in the land of Judah , and in the cities of Ephraim which his father Asa had captured .
And the acts of David the king , the first and the last , behold , they are written in the book of Samuel the seer , and in the book of Nathan the prophet , and in the book of Gad the seer ,
And they returned to him , and he was staying in Jericho . And he said to them , Did I not say to you , Do not go ?
Every weapon formed against you shall not prosper , and every tongue that shall rise against you in judgment , you shall condemn . This is the inheritance of the servants of Jehovah , and their righteousness is from Me , says Jehovah .
And Solomon spoke to all Israel , to the commanders of the thousands , and of the hundreds , and to judges , and to every honorable one of all Israel , heads of the fathers ;
Of the sons of Issachar , according to their families : of Tola , the family of the Tolaites ; of Pua , the family of the Punites ;
Go up against the land of Merathaim , against it and against the dwellers of Pekod . Waste and destroy after them , says Jehovah , and do according to all that I have commanded you .


And coming down with them , he stood on a level place . And a crowd of His disciples , and a great multitude of the people were there from all Judea and Jerusalem , and from the coast country of Tyre and Sidon . These came to hear Him , and to be healed from their diseases ,
And they bend their tongues , their bow is a lie . And they are not mighty for the truth on the earth , for they go from evil to evil . They also do not know Me , says Jehovah .
The plowers plowed on my back ; they made their furrows long .
And six hundred men turned and fled into the wilderness , to the rock of Rimmon . And they lived in the rock of Rimmon four months .
And it shall be , if they will not believe these two signs also , and will not listen to your voice , you shall take of the water of the Nile and pour it on the dry land . And the water which you take from the Nile shall become blood on the dry land .
And they spoke to him all Joseph's words which he had spoken to them . And he saw the wagons that Joseph had sent to carry him ; and the spirit of their father Jacob revived .
Because they have forsaken Me , and bow themselves to Ashtoreth the goddess of the Sidonians , to Chemosh the god of Moab , to Milcom the god of the sons of Ammon ; and have not walked in My ways , to do the right in My eyes , and My statutes and My judgments , as his father David did .

Only , you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it on the ground like water .
Be strong and brave . For you shall cause this people to inherit the land which I swore to their fathers to give to them .
And Saul said to Samuel , I did obey the voice of Jehovah , and I went in the way which Jehovah sent me , and brought Agag the king of Amalek , and I exterminated Amalek .
The ninth was to Mattaniah , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
For Jehovah your God will bless you as He promised you . And you shall lend to many nations , but you shall not borrow . And you shall rule over many nations , but they shall not rule over you .
My son , hear your father's instruction , and do not forsake the teaching of your mother ;
not a drinker , not a contentious one , not greedy of ill gain , but gentle , not quarrelsome , not loving money ;
And the people sent to Shiloh , and they took from there the ark of the covenant of Jehovah of hosts , who dwells between the cherubs . And the two sons of Eli were there with the ark of the covenant of God , Hophni and Phinehas .
And if you are of Christ , then you are a seed of Abraham , even heirs according to promise .
And he said to his daughters , And where is he ? Why then have you left the man ? Call him , and let him eat bread .
Hiram the king of Tyre had lifted Solomon with cedar trees and with fir trees , and with gold , according to all his desire ; then king Solomon gave to Hiram twenty cities in the land of Galilee .
And Ahaz fathered Jehoadah . And Jehoadah fathered Alemeth , and Azmaveth , and Zimri . And Zimri fathered Moza .
And you shall say to them , So says Jehovah , If you will not listen to Me , to walk in My law which I have set before you ,
If I say , I will forget my complaint , I will loosen my face and be cheerful ,
And if you offer the blind for sacrifice , is it not evil ? And if you offer the lame and the sick , is it not evil ? Bring it now to your governor . Will he accept you or lift up your face ? says Jehovah of hosts .
transgressing and lying against Jehovah , and departing from our God , speaking oppression and revolt , conceiving and murmuring words of falsehood from the heart .
And he called the name of the first , Jemima ; and the name of the second , Keziah ; and the name of the third , Keren-happuch .
And those being in the flesh are not able to please God .

A seed shall serve Him ; it shall be spoken of the Lord to the coming generation ;
And You have girded me with strength for the battle ; You have bowed under me those rising against me .
As it is raised up from the sacrifice of the peace offerings of the bullock , the priest shall burn them as incense on the altar of burnt offering .
And Moses commanded them , saying , At the end of seven years in the appointed time , the year of release , in the Feast of Tabernacles ,

The passerby enraging himself over strife that is not his own is like one who grabs a dog's ears ,

Yea , ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath , and the seed of a homer shall yield an ephah .

And if from a son of five years to a son of twenty years , then your evaluation shall be twenty shekels for the male and ten shekels for the female .
And now Jehovah your God has given rest to your brothers , as He spoke to them . And now you turn and go to your tents , to the land of your possession , which Moses the servant of Jehovah has given to you beyond the Jordan .
And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal ; and Meribbaal fathered Micah .
Let a widow be enrolled having become not less than sixty years , the wife of one man ,
And He said , Your name shall no longer be called Jacob , but Israel , because you have wrestled with God and with men , and have prevailed .
But I pray to God for you not to do evil , none . It is not that we may appear approved , but that you may do the good , and we deemed to be reprobates .
saying , Father , if You will , take away this cup from Me ; but let not My will be done , but Your will .
And they forsook Jehovah , the God of their fathers , who brought them out from the land of Egypt . And they went after other gods of the gods of the peoples who were around them , and bowed themselves to them , and angered Jehovah .
And the Word became flesh and tabernacled among us . And we beheld His glory , glory as of an only begotten from the Father , full of grace and of truth .
And all the sons of Israel murmured against Moses , and against Aaron . And all the congregation said to them , Oh that we had died in the land of Egypt , or in this wilderness , oh that we had died !
You answered them , O Jehovah our God ; to them You were a God who forgives , but taking vengeance on their works .
And I will give young boys to be their rulers , and caprices shall rule over them .
But in a great house not only are there vessels of gold and silver , but also of wood and of earth , and some to honor and some to dishonor .
And another angel went forth out of the temple , crying in a great voice to the One sitting on the cloud , Send Your sickle and reap , because Your hour to reap came , because the harvest of the earth was dried .
Now my days are swifter than a runner ; they flee away ; they see no good ;
Does anyone suffer ill among you ? Let him pray . Is anyone cheerful ? Let him praise in song .
And it happened in the third year of Hoshea the son of Elah the king of Israel , Hezekiah the son of Ahaz the king of Judah began to reign .
And with many such parables He spoke the Word to them , even as they were able to hear .
Who has heard a thing like this ? Who has seen things like these ? Shall the earth be brought forth in one day ? Shall a nation be born in one step ? For Zion travailed and also brought forth her sons .
And how may they preach if they are not sent ? Even as it has been written , " How beautiful " " the feet of those announcing the gospel of peace , of those announcing the gospel of good things . "
Who will bring the salvation of Israel out of Zion ? When Jehovah brings back the captivity of His people , Jacob shall rejoice ; Israel shall be glad .
And do this thing : take away the kings , each out of his place , and set commanders in their place .
And after he had numbered the people , the heart of David struck him . And David said to Jehovah , I have sinned greatly in that which I have done . And now , O Jehovah , I pray , take away the iniquity of your servant , for I have acted very foolishly .
But if you will not forgive men their offenses , neither will your Father forgive your offenses .
And it happened , when those bearing the ark of Jehovah had gone six steps , he sacrificed an ox and a fatling .
So speak to the house of Israel , son of man , and say to them , So says the Lord Jehovah : Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed Me , by trespassing a trespass against Me .
And it was told to Solomon that Shimei had gone from Jerusalem to Gath , and had returned .

And if you were not faithful in that of another , who will give to you that which is yours ?
And the people who were encamped heard , saying , Zimri has conspired and has struck the king . And all Israel made Omri the commander of the army to rule over Israel on that day in the camp .
The proud have hidden cords and a trap for me ; they have spread a net by the wayside ; they have set snares for me . Selah .
For to each who has , more will be given , and he will abound . But from him who does not have , even that which he has will be taken from him .
but revealed in its own times in a proclamation of His word , with which I was entrusted by the command of our Savior God :
After many days you shall be visited . In the after years you shall come into the land turned back from the sword , gathered out of many peoples , on the mountains of Israel which have been for a continual waste . But he has been brought out of the peoples , and they shall dwell securely , all of them .
and this stone which I have placed as a memorial pillar shall become the house of God ; and all which You shall give to me , I will tithe the tenth to You .
And God created the great sea animals , and all that creeps , having a living soul , which swarmed the waters , according to its kind ; and every bird with wing according to its kind . And God saw that it was good .
And Abraham said with regards to his wife Sarah , She is my sister . And Abimelech the king of Gerar sent and took Sarah .

And they rinsed the chariot by the pool of Samaria ; and the dogs licked up his blood when they had washed the armor , according to the word of Jehovah that He spoke .
Behold , I gave Him a Witness to peoples , a Leader and Commander of peoples .
for the drunkard and the glutton lose all , and sleepiness shall clothe one with rags .
And Gaal spoke again and said , Behold , people are coming down from the high part of the land , and one company is coming by the way of the Sorcerers' Oak .
My heart was hot within me ; while the fire burned I was meditating ; I spoke with my tongue :
So Jehovah says this to the king of Assyria , He shall not come into this city , nor shoot an arrow there , nor come before it with a shield , nor pour out a siege mound on it .
For His brothers did not believe into Him .

One is the Lawgiver , who is able to save and to destroy . Who are you who judges another ?
as also the high priest and all the elderhood witnesses to me . And having received letters from them to the brothers , I traveled into Damascus even to lead those to Jerusalem being bound there , in order that they might be punished .
And take double silver in your hand , and the silver they put back in the mouth of your sacks , take back in your hand ; perhaps it was an oversight .
And you shall say to the Levites ; and you shall speak to them , When you take the tithe from the sons of Israel , which I have given to you from them , for your inheritance , then you shall lift from it a heave offering of Jehovah , a tithe of the tithe .
and the ostrich , and the great owl , and the gull , and small hawks , according to its kind
For He was counted worthy of more glory than Moses , by so much as the one having built the house has more honor than the house .
It was you , O king , for you have become great and strong . For your greatness has grown and reaches to the heavens , and your rule is to the end of the earth .


And fire came out from before Jehovah and consumed the burnt offering and the fat on the altar . And all the people saw , and cried aloud , and fell on their faces .
But you are not in flesh , but in Spirit , since the Spirit of God dwells in you . But if anyone has not the Spirit of Christ , this one is not His .
And the Scripture was fulfilled which says , " And He was numbered with the lawless . "
But Jesus answered nothing any more , so as for Pilate to marvel .
For he raised a testimony in Jacob , and set a law in Israel ; which he commanded our fathers , to teach them to their sons ;
And they crushed and oppressed the sons of Israel in that year , for eighteen years , all the sons of Israel that were beyond the Jordan in the land of the Amorites , which is in Gilead .
And receiving it , they murmured against the housemaster ,
For all the house of my father would be nothing except men of death before my lord the king , and you have set your servant among those eating at your table . And what right is there to any more , even to cry any more to the king ?
So you shall say to Hezekiah , king of Judah , saying , Do no let your God in whom you trust deceive you , saying , Jerusalem shall not be delivered into the king of Assyria's hand .

And when ever the living creatures shall give glory and honor and thanks to the One sitting on the throne , to the One living forever and ever ,
And hearing , the disciples fell on their face and were greatly terrified .
The coasts have seen and fear ; the ends of the earth tremble ; they have drawn near ; yea , they come .
And , behold , I will put cords on you , and you cannot turn from your side to your other side until you have completed the days of your siege .
And seeing , the Pharisees said to His disciples , Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and sinners ?
You made him rule over the works of Your hands ; You have put all under his feet ,
And when you sacrifice a sacrifice of thanksgiving to Jehovah , you shall sacrifice it of your free will ;
The sons of Shobal : Alian and Manahath , and Ebal , Shephi , and Onam . And the sons of Zibeon : Aiah and Anah .
And Ishbibenob , who was of the sons of Rapha the giant , the weight of his spear being three hundred bronze shekels in weight , and was girded with a new sword , even he said to strike David .
Also the Feast of Harvest , the first fruits of your labor , of what you sow in the field . Also the Feast of Ingathering , at the end of the year , at your gathering your work from the field .

And some of them desired to seize Him , but no one laid hands on Him .
And it shall be for a sign and for a witness to Jehovah of Hosts in the land of Egypt . For they shall cry to Jehovah because of the oppressors ; and He shall send them a deliverer , even a great one , and will deliver them .
if this people go up to do sacrifice in the house of Jehovah at Jerusalem , then the heart of this people shall turn again to their lord , to Rehoboam the king of Judah , and they will kill me and go again to Rehoboam the king of Judah .
And the hand of Jehovah was heavy on the men of Ashdod . And He wasted them , and struck them with hemorrhoids , Ashdod and its borders .
For whoever finds me finds life , and he shall obtain favor from Jehovah .

And Joseph said to them , What is this deed which you have done ? Did you not know that a man like me would practice divination ?
And Jehovah said to him , Come , go down . And you come up , and Aaron with you . And let not the priests and the people break through to come up to Jehovah , lest He burst forth among them .

And David's anger glowed greatly against the man . And he said to Nathan , As Jehovah lives , surely the man who did this is a son of death .
And they stood up false witnesses , who were saying , This man does not cease speaking blasphemous words against this holy place and the Law ;
And he turned around from him to another and said according to this word . And the people answered him a word like the first word .
And it happened as Israel lived in that land , it happened ; even Reuben went and lay with Bilhah , his father's concubine And Israel heard . And the sons of Jacob were twelve .

and said to Me , You are My servant , Israel , You in whom I shall be glorified .
Behold , let that night be barren ; let no joyful voice come in it .
She shall give a wreath of grace to your head ; she shall shield you with a crown of glory .
He executes justice for the fatherless and the widow , and loves the alien , to give to him food and clothing .
For how can the servant of my lord speak this with this my lord ? For as for me , there is no power left in me ; yea , there is no breath left in me .
Now because we have partaken of the palace salt , and it is not right for us to see the king's dishonor , therefore we have sent and notified the king ,
And Ephraim is a trained heifer , loving to tread out . But I passed over on the goodness of her neck ; I will make Ephraim to ride ; Judah shall plow ; Jacob shall break clods for him .
Jehoiachin was a son of eight years when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem three months and ten days ; and he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah .
to cause you to know the verity of the words of truth , to return words of truth to those who send you ?
And the crowd asked him , saying , What then shall we do ?
But even as the church is subject to Christ , so also the wives to their own husbands in everything .
And he said to the men of Succoth , Please give loaves of bread to the people at my feet , for they are weary ; and I am chasing Zebah and Zalmunna , the kings of Midian .
All who have found them have devoured them . And their enemies said , We are not guilty , because they have sinned against Jehovah , the habitation of righteousness , and Jehovah , their fathers' hope .
And the Lord Jehovah will help Me . On account of this I was not ashamed . On account of this I set My face like flint , and I know that I shall not be ashamed .
And Jehovah will return to each his righteousness and his faithfulness , in that Jehovah has delivered you into my hand , and I have not been willing to put forth my hand against the anointed of Jehovah .
And it happened as the priests were going from the sanctuary ( for all the priests who were present had sanctified themselves without observing divisions ) ,
And it happened , as the company was called together against Moses and against Aaron , that they turned toward the tabernacle of the congregation . And , behold , the cloud had covered it , and the glory of Jehovah appeared !
And the king and his leaders , and all the congregation in Jerusalem , took counsel to keep the Passover in the second month ;

I have no greater joy than these things , that I hear my children are walking in truth .
And Amnon had a friend , and his name was Jonadab the son of Shimeah , David's brother . And Jonadab was a very shrewd man .
Oh how the faithful city has become a harlot ! She was full of justice ; righteousness lodged in it . But now , murderers !

And Asa called to Jehovah his God , and said , O Jehovah , it is nothing to You to help between the mighty and him with no strength . Help us , O Jehovah our God ; for we rest on You , and in Your name we come against this host . O Jehovah , You are our God . Do not let man hold out against You .
let Your ear now be open , and Your eyes open , so that You may hear the prayer of Your servant which I pray before You today , day and night , for Your servants the sons of Israel ; and confessing the sins of the sons of Israel which we have sinned against You . Both I and my father's house have sinned .
Be gracious to us , O Jehovah ; be gracious to us ! For we are exceedingly filled with scorn .
And when a man seethes insolently against his neighbor , to kill him by deceit , you shall take him from My altar to die .
For if a gold-fingered man in splendid clothing comes into your synagogue , and a poor one in shabby clothing also comes in ;
The ones coming with Zerubbabel : Jeshua , Nehemiah , Azariah , Raamiah , Nahamani , Mordecai , Bilshan , Mispereth , Bigvai , Nehum , Baanah . The number of the men of the people of Israel was :
Let Your mercies come to me that I may live ; for Your law is my delight .
He also draws the mighty with his strength ; He rises up , and no one is sure of life .

For wisdom is better than jewels , and all delights cannot be compared to it .
So also when you have done all things commanded you , you say , We are unprofitable slaves , for we have done what we ought to do .
I have struck you with blasting and mildew . The multitude of your gardens and your vineyards , and your figs , and your olives are devoured by the creeping locust ; yet you have not returned to Me , declares Jehovah .
Men , Israelites , hear these words : Jesus the Nazarene , a man from God , having been approved among you by powerful deeds and wonders and miracles , which God did through Him in your midst , as you yourselves also know ,
And there was a lot remaining for the sons of Manasseh , for their families , for the sons of Abiezer , and for the sons of Helek , and for the sons of Asriel , and for the sons of Shechem , and for the sons of Hepher , and for the sons of Shemida ; these being the sons of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families .
And when He opened the second seal , I heard the second living creature saying , Come and see .
And it shall be in that day , I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem .

He shall not be afraid of evil news ; his heart is fixed , trusting in Jehovah .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel : Take these books , the purchase document , the one sealed , and the open book , and put them in an earthen vessel so that they may stand many days .
but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel , whenever he is about to trumpet , was even ended the mystery of God , as He preached to His slaves , the prophets .
Your flock lived in it . You , O God , have prepared for the poor in Your goodness .

What is the Almighty , that we should serve Him ? And what do we profit if we entreat Him ?
A Revelation of Jesus Christ , which God gave to Him to show to His slaves things which must occur quickly . And He signified by sending through His angel to His slave , John ,
and to know the love of Christ which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled to all the fullness of God .
But God shall shoot an arrow at them ; their wounds shall suddenly appear .
Will you trust him because his strength is great ; or will you leave your labor to him ?
A disciple is not above the teacher , nor a slave above his lord .

And the sons of Israel went up and down from there at that time , each to his tribe , and to his family . And they departed from there , every man to his inheritance .
Chief Korah , Chief Gatam , Chief Amalek . These were the chiefs of Eliphaz in the land of Edom . These were the sons of Adah .
For where two or three are gathered together in My name , there I am in their midst .

And Jehovah helps them and delivers them ; He shall deliver them from the wicked and save them , because they trust in Him .
When they had made an end of dividing the land for inheritance by their borders , the sons of Israel gave an inheritance to the son of Nun among them .
And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold ; he put six hundred of beaten gold on the one target ;
And Ephah , Caleb's concubine , bore Haran , and Moza , and Gazez . And Haran fathered Gazez .
And they rose up and took away the altars in Jerusalem , and all the incense altars they removed , and threw them into the torrent Kidron .
And then why should we die ? For this great fire will consume us . If we hear the voice of Jehovah your God any more , then we shall die .
except Caleb the son of Jephunneh , he shall see it , and I shall give the land on which he has walked to him , and to his sons , because he has fully followed Jehovah .
And you shall go to the king and speak with him according to this word . And Joab put the words into her mouth .
And He said to them , Behold , you going into the city , you will meet a man carrying a pitcher of water . Follow him into the house where he goes in .
And I will cause you to pass under the rod , and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant .
And this One shall be peace . When Assyria shall come into our land , and when he shall walk in our palaces , then we shall raise against him seven shepherds and eight anointed ones of man .
I have become a stranger to my brothers and a foreigner to my mother's children .
And Samuel came to Saul . And Saul said to him , Blessed are you of Jehovah . I have risen to do the word of Jehovah .
and all the kings of the north , far and near , each one to his brother , and all the kingdoms of the world which are on the face of the earth ; and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them .
But you , son of man , hear what I am saying to you . Do not be like that rebellious house of rebellion . Open your mouth and eat what I am giving to you .
And I will give to you the keys of the kingdom of Heaven . And whatever you bind on earth shall occur , having been bound in Heaven . And whatever you may loose on the earth shall be , having been loosed in Heaven .
I will praise God's name in a song ; and I will magnify Him with thanks .
And hearing , they rejoiced and promised to give him silver . And he sought how he might opportunely betray Him .
Will you steal , murder , and commit adultery , and swear falsely , and burn incense to Baal , and walk after other gods whom you do not know ?
The sons of foreigners shall faint and come trembling out of their strongholds .
And at the season , he sent a slave to the vinedressers , that he might receive from the vinedressers the fruit of the vineyard .
But when I saw that they did not walk uprightly with the truth of the gospel , I said to Peter before all , If you being a Jew , live as a non-Jew and not as the Jews , why do you compel the nations to Judaize ?
And he dreamed still another dream , and told it to his brothers . And he said , Behold , I have dreamed another dream : And , behold , the sun and the moon and the eleven stars were bowing themselves to me .
And anything on which she lies in her impurity shall be unclean ; and anything on which she sits shall be unclean .
Israel was holy to Jehovah , the firstfruits of His increase . All that devour him become guilty ; evil shall come on them , declares Jehovah .
Wives , subject yourselves to your own husbands , as to the Lord ,
And his father refused and said , I know , my son , I know . He also shall be a people , and he shall become great . But his younger brother shall become greater than he , and his seed shall become the fullness of the nations .
And the word of Jehovah came to me , saying ,
And I will turn your feasts to mourning , and all your songs into a dirge . And I will bring up sackcloth on all loins , and baldness on every head . And I will make it like the mourning for an only one ; and the end of it shall be like a bitter day .
Hateful to Jehovah are the perverse hearted , but His delight is the upright in way .
they will take up snakes ; and if they drink anything deadly , it will in no way hurt them ; they will lay hands on the sick , and they will be well .
And remain in the same house , eating and drinking the things shared by them ; for the laborer is worthy of his hire . Do not move from house to house .
Whoever scorns the poor reviles his Maker , he who rejoices at calamity shall not be innocent .
And the word of Jehovah was to me ,

But hearing in the prison of the works of Christ , sending two of his disciples ,
But the hireling flees because he is a hireling , and there is not a care to him concerning the sheep .
If any man takes a wife , and goes in to her , and hates her ,
And now I am their song ; yea , I am their byword .
And they went out , they and all their camps with them , a people plentiful as the sand on the seashore in number , and very many horses and chariots .
And it happened as he withdrew his hand , behold , his brother came out . And she said , How have you broken a break for yourself ? And one called his name Pharez .
And these three men , Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , fell down bound into the middle of the burning , fiery furnace .
For this reason , holy brothers , called to be partakers of a heavenly calling , consider the Apostle and High Priest of our confession , Christ Jesus ,
And as He quit speaking , He said to Simon , Put out into the deep and let down your nets for a haul .
For Jehovah your God brings you into a good land , a land of streams of water , of fountains and depths that spring out of valleys and hills ,
And the land shall give its fruit , and you shall eat to satisfaction ; and you shall dwell securely on it .
But everyone striving controls himself in all things . Then those truly that they may receive a corruptible crown , but we an incorruptible .

they go up to the heavens ; they go down to the depths ; their soul is melted because they are in evil ;
The burden which the prophet saw :
And the third lot came up for the sons of Zebulun according to their families . And the border of their inheritance was to Sarid .
O Jehovah , the God of Abraham , Isaac , and Israel , our fathers , keep this forever for the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of your people , and prepare their heart toward You ;
Now I was with you twenty years . Your ewes and your she-goats have not failed to bear , and I have not eaten the rams of your flock .
And you shall make its seven lamps , and one shall set up its lamps , and they shall give light on its face .
And it shall be , he remaining in Zion , and he who is left in Jerusalem , shall be called holy , every one who is written among the living in Jerusalem ;
And they pulled up from Ijeabarim and camped in Dibongad .
On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai , ruler of the sons of Simeon :
And the likeness of their faces : the face of a man , and the face of a lion , on the right side to the four of them ; and the face of an ox on the left to the four of them , and the face of an eagle to the four of them .
And they struck the rest which escaped to Amalek , and lived there until this day .
Then they asked him , Who is the man who told you , Lift up your cot and walk ?
And he showed them the entrance of the city . And they struck the city with the mouth of the sword ; and they sent away the man and all his family .
Neither be idolaters , even as some of them , as it has been written , " The people sat down to eat and drink , and stood up to play . "
But his delight is only in the law of Jehovah , and he meditates in His law day and night .

And it being revealed to me that a plot against the man was about to be executed by the Jews , I at once sent him to you , also commanding the accusers to say the things against him before you . Farewell .
And she continued still and bore a son . And she called his name Shelah . And he was at Chezib when she bore him .
They dedicated from the battles and the plunder , to maintain the house of Jehovah ,
And you shall make two rings of gold , and you shall put them on the two shoulderpieces of the ephod , from beneath , at its front . near its joining , above the band of the ephod .
So says Jehovah , the God of Israel : Go and speak to Zedekiah , king of Judah , and tell him , So says Jehovah , Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he will burn it with fire .
And the Lord said to him , Go , for this one is a chosen vessel to Me , to bear My name before nations and kings and the sons of Israel .
But I say , Did not Israel know ? First , Moses says , " I will provoke you to jealousy by a not-nation , by an unwise nation I will anger you . "
But if your brother sins against you , go and reprove him between you and him alone . If he hears you , you have gained your brother .
The sons of Harim , a thousand and seventeen .
For so says the Lord Jehovah , the Holy One of Israel , In returning and rest you shall be saved ; and in quietness and hope shall be your strength . But you were not willing .
And many women were there , watching from afar off , those who followed Jesus from Galilee , ministering to Him ;
And they were a grief of spirit to Isaac and to Rebekah .

But you in fasting , anoint your head and wash your face ,
And the people blessed all the men who willingly offered themselves to live in Jerusalem .

And you shall keep My charge , so as not to do any of the disgusting customs which were committed before you ; and you shall not defile yourselves with them ; I am Jehovah your God .
Do not reprove a scorner , that he not hate you ; rebuke a wise man , and he will love you .
Gather yourselves and come , all you nations ; and gather yourselves together all around . O Jehovah , bring down Your mighty ones .
And signs will follow to those believing these things : they will cast out demons in My name ; they will speak new languages ;
Rejoice always .

And Israel saw the sons of Joseph , and he said , Who are these ?
said , This one said , I am able to destroy the Holy Place of God , and in three days to build it .
And the number of days which David lived in the field of the Philistines was a year and four months .
For anyone doing these things is hateful to Jehovah your God , everyone acting evilly .
Cut off your crown and throw it away , and take up a dirge on the heights . For Jehovah has rejected and forsaken the generation of His wrath .
And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat , One man is still here , to seek Jehovah from him . But I hate him , for he does not prophesy good about me , but evil all his days . He is Micaiah the son of Imla . And Jehoshaphat said , Let not the king say so .
And they forgot Jehovah their God . And He sold them into the hand of Sisera , commander of the army of Hazor , and into the hand of the Philistines , and into the hand of the king of Moab ; and they fought against them .
But if I do what I do not desire , it is no longer I working it out , but sin dwelling in me .
And as for you and your servants , I know that you do not yet fear before Jehovah God .
And He said to them , Do you not know this parable ? And how will you know all parables ?
and you shall make the fiftieth year holy , a year . And you shall proclaim liberty in the land to all its inhabitants ; it shall be a jubilee to you . And you shall return every man to his possession ; yea , you shall turn back each to his family .
For what is the hope of the ungodly when He cuts off , when God pulls out his soul ?
He will swallow up death in victory ! And the Lord Jehovah will wipe away tears from all faces . And He shall reprove the reproach of His people from all the earth ; for Jehovah has spoken
And those who seek to destroy my life shall go into the depths of the earth .
For who can eat , or who can enjoy , apart from Me ?

and made us kings and priests to God , even His Father . To Him is the glory and the might forever and ever . Amen .
And the people cried to Moses , and Moses prayed to Jehovah , and the fire was quenched .
Son of man , set your face against Sidon and prophesy against her ,
But He did not speak to them without a parable . And He explained all things to His disciples privately .
But for this reason I received mercy , that in me first Jesus Christ might show forth all long-suffering , for an example to those being about to believe on Him to everlasting life .
And Your name shall be great forever , saying , Jehovah of hosts is God over Israel , and the house of Your servant David is established before You .

Therefore , all those who devour you shall be devoured . And all your enemies , every one of them , shall go into captivity . And they who rob you shall be given for plunder ; and all who strip you , I will give to be stripped .
But we will not boast beyond measure , but according to measure of the rule which the God of measure distributed to us , to reach even to you .
And the king said to Zadok the priest , Are you a seer ? Return to the city in peace , and your two sons with you , your son Ahimaaz , and Jonathan the son of Abiathar .
And David slept with his fathers , and was buried in the city of David .
He who separates himself seeks his own desire , he breaks out against all sound wisdom .
let my tongue cleave to my palate , if I do not remember you , if I do not bring up Jerusalem above the head of my joy .
You shall make an altar of earth for Me , and you shall sacrifice your burnt offerings and your peace offerings on it , your sheep and your cattle . In every place in which I cause My name to be remembered , I will come to you and will bless you .
and the fat , and the kidneys , and the fold of the liver , of the sin offering , he burned with incense on the altar , as Jehovah had commanded Moses .
Slaves , obey the lords according to flesh in all respects , not with eye-service as men-pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing God .
If my step has turned aside out of the way , or my heart has walked after my eyes , and if any blot has held fast to my hands ,
You worship what you do not know ; we worship what we know , for salvation is of the Jews .
For I have known your rebellion and your stiff neck . Behold , while I am yet alive with you this day , you have been rebellious against Jehovah . And how much more after my death !
If , then , your whole body is light , not having any part dark , all will be light , as when the lamp enlightens you with its shining .
And you shall grind some of it fine , and put some of it in front of the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation , where I meet you . It shall be most holy to you .
Let Israel say now that His mercy endures forever .
And Jonathan and Ahimaaz were standing at En-rogel , for they were not able to be seen going into the city . And a slave-girl went and told them . And they went and told it to king David .
and you , you shall keep My statutes and My judgments , and shall not do any of all these disgusting acts ; neither the native nor the alien who is staying in your midst .
And they said to Jephthah , Come , and you shall be our commander , that we may fight against the sons of Ammon .
And leaving them , He went out of the city to Bethany , and spent the night there .
But if the scab spreads greatly in the skin , after he has been seen by the priest for his cleansing , then he shall be seen a second time by the priest .
Oh my soul , why are you cast down and moan within me ? Hope in God , for I shall yet thank Him for the salvation of His presence .
And Jehovah is doing for Himself as He spoke by my hand . And Jehovah is tearing the kingdom out of your hand , and is giving it to your neighbor , to David .
All of him shall come for violence ; the gathering of their faces is forward ; and they gather captives like the sand .
And Saul said , So you shall say to David , There is no delight to the king in dowry , but in a hundred foreskins of the Philistines , to be avenged on the king's enemies . And Saul thought to cause David to fall by the hand of the Philistines .
He shall lend to you , and you shall not lend to him . He shall be the head , and you shall be the tail .
I will not keep silent as to his limbs , or the matter of his powers , or the grace of his frame .

And I sent Moses and Aaron and plagued Egypt , as I did in its midst . And afterward I brought you out .
Then in the resurrection , of which of the seven will she be wife ? For all had her .
And now I will declare the truth to you : Behold ! Three kings shall stand up in Persia ; and the fourth shall be rich in all greater riches . And when he is powerful through his riches , he shall stir up all against the kingdom of Greece .
And those eating the loaves were about five thousand men .
they have ears , but they do not hear ; they have a nose , but they do not smell ;

They surround me ; yea , they surround me ; I surely will destroy them in the name of Jehovah .
for the children not yet being born , nor having done any good or evil , that the purpose of God according to election might stand , not of works , but of the One calling ,

The righteous is delivered from distress , and the wicked comes in his place .
and shall say to them , So says Jehovah of Hosts , Even so I will break this people and this city , as one breaks the potter's vessel that cannot be restored again . And they shall bury in Tophet , since no place is left to bury .
And the messenger that had gone to call Micaiah spoke to him , saying , Behold now , the words of the prophets with one mouth are good to the king . Please let your word be as the word of one of them , and speak good .
not forsaking the assembling together of ourselves , as is the custom of some , but exhorting , and by so much more as you see the Day drawing near .
But as soon as one stronger than he comes , he overcomes him ; he takes away his armor on which he relied , and deals out his arms .
And the slave said , Sir , it has been done as you ordered , and still there is room .
and Uzzi fathered Zerahiah ; and Zerahiah fathered Meraioth ;
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host , praising God and saying ,
I will sing a new song to You , O God ; I will sing praises to You on a harp of ten strings ,
But neither did Herod , for I sent you up to him ; and , behold , nothing worthy of death is done by him .
But if he continues a day or two , he shall not be avenged , for he is his silver .
so that they may walk in My statutes and keep My judgments , and do them . And they shall be to Me for a people , and I will be to them for God .
And again one in form as a man touched me and made me strong .
And they handed a broiled part of a fish to Him , and from a honeycomb .
even those numbered of them , by their families , by their father's house were two thousand , six hundred and thirty .
And He is before all things , and all things consist in Him .
And also , wine indeed betrays a proud man , and he is not content ; who widens his soul like Sheol . And he is like death , and is not satisfied , but gathers all the nations to himself , and collects all the peoples to himself .
For where jealousy and contention are , there is confusion and every foul deed .
we will enter into His tabernacles ; we will worship at His footstool .
And , Your righteousness , O God , is to the heights , You who have done great things . O God , who is like You ?
Your fidelity is to generation and generation ; You founded the earth , and it stands .
And when a man sells a dwelling house in a walled city , then his right of redemption shall be the end of the year of its sale ; his right of redemption shall be a year of days
And also our livestock shall go with us . Not a hoof shall be left . For we shall take from them to serve Jehovah our God . And we do not know with what we shall serve Jehovah until we come there .
Well ! For unbelief they were broken off . And you stand by faith . Do not be highminded , but fear .
And they beat out sheets of gold , and cut threads to work into the midst of the blue , and into the midst of the purple , and into the midst of the crimson , and into the midst of the bleached linen , the work of an artisan .
And it shall be in that day , the mountains shall drop down new wine , and the hills shall flow with milk , and all the streams of Judah shall flow with waters . And a fountain shall come forth from the house of Jehovah , and it shall water the valley of Shittim .
Your men shall fall by the sword , and your mighty in the war .
The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning ; but the heart of the stupid one is in the house of mirth .
And if the people of the land truly hide their eyes from that man , as he gives his seed to Molech , so as not to put him to death ,
And a Hebrew youth was with us , a slave to the chief of the executioners . And we told him , and he interpreted our dreams to us ; he interpreted to each according to his dream .

And he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young doves , from that which he is able to reach ;
And Abraham lived in the land of the Philistines many days .

All who pass by the way plunder him ; he is a curse to his neighbors .
And Tobiah the Ammonite was beside him , and he said , Even that which they build , if a fox goes up , he will even break down their stone wall .
but I will sacrifice to You with the voice of thanksgiving ; I will fulfill that which I have vowed . Salvation belongs to Jehovah !
And you shall cook and eat in the place which Jehovah your God shall choose . And in the morning you shall turn and go into your tents .
because they despised My judgments , and they did not walk in My statutes , and they profaned My sabbaths ; for their heart went after their idols .
and being crushed , he bows ; and the poor have fallen by his strong ones .

Leave your orphans , I will keep them alive . And let your widows trust in Me .
A sword is on the liars , and they shall become fools ; a sword is on her mighty men , and they shall be broken .
Make the heart of this people fat , and make his ears heavy , and shut his eyes , that he not see with his eyes , and hear with his ears , and understand with his heart , and turn back , and one heals him .
And I said I would uncover your ear , saying , Buy it before those sitting , and before the elders of my people . If you will redeem , redeem . But if you will not redeem , tell me so that I may know . For there is no one besides you to redeem , and I after you . And he said , I will redeem it .

But you shall not eat flesh in its life , its blood .
according as it has been written , " I have appointed you a father of many nations ; " before God , whom he believed , the One making the dead live , and calling the things that are not as if they were .
He created them male and female , and blessed them , and called their name Adam in the day when they were created .
So says the Lord Jehovah : You shall drink your sister's cup deep and wide ; you shall be laughed at and mocked , for it holds much .
And though I say to the wicked , You shall surely die ; if he turns from his sin and does justice and righteousness ,
and he gathered the priests and the Levites , and said to them , Go out to the cities of Judah , and gather from all Israel money to repair the house of your God fully from year to year ; and you shall do the matter quickly . But the Levites did not act quickly .
And after these things it happened , one said to Joseph , Behold , your father is sick . And he took his two sons with him , Manasseh and Ephraim .
Behold , I am vile ! What shall I answer You ? I will put my hand to my mouth .
And Samuel said , Bring near to me Agag the king of Amalek . And Agag came to him cheerfully . And Agag said , Surely the bitterness of death has passed .
The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house ; his hands shall also finish it . And you shall know that Jehovah of hosts has sent me to you .
And Cainan lived seventy years and fathered Mahalaleel .
But I say to you , Elijah also has come and they did to him whatever they desired , even as it has been written of him .
And the sharpening charge was a pim for the plowshares , and for the mattocks , and for the three pronged forks , and for the axes , and for setting the plowshares .
So , behold , the days are coming , says Jehovah , that I will punish on her idols , and through all her land the wounded shall groan .
And they hemmed me in with words of hatred ; and fought against me without a cause .

and Jehiel , and Azaziah , and Nahath , and Asahel , and Jerimoth , and Jozabad , and Eliel , and Ismachiah , and Mahath , and Benaiah , were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and his brother Shimei , by the appointment of Hezekiah the king , and Azariah the ruler of the house of God .
And Abram passed through the land as far as the place of Shechem , to the Oak of Moreh . And the Canaanite was then in the land .
Behold , they bellow with their mouth ; swords are in their lips ; for they say , Who hears ?
And the king said to him , Where is he ? And Ziba said to the king , Behold , he is in the house of Machir , the son of Ammiel in Lodebar .
The twenty third to Mahazioth , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
You said , Woe is me now , for Jehovah has added grief to my pain ; I fainted in my sighing , and I find no rest .
And the cedar for the house inside was with carvings of gourds and flowers spread out ; the whole was cedar ; not a stone was seen .
so I came out to meet you , earnestly to seek your face , and I have found you .
The beauty of Israel is slain on your high places . How are the mighty fallen !
And one killed it , and Moses took of its blood and put it on the tip of the right ear of Aaron , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
Beerah , his son , whom Tilgath-pilneser king of Assyria exiled . He was ruler of the men of Reuben .
These were the sons of Ham , according to their families , according to their tongues , in their countries , in their nations .
The sons of Zophah : Suah , and Harnepher , and Shual , and Beri , and Imrah ,
And Jonathan and David cut a covenant , because he loved him as his own soul .
And they cried to Jehovah and said , We have sinned , for we forsook Jehovah and served the Baals and the Ashtoreths , but now deliver us from the hand of our enemies and we will serve You .
Take away from Me the noise of your songs ; and I will not hear the melody of your stringed instruments .
And it happened after these things it was told to Abraham , saying , Behold ! Milcah , she also , has borne sons to your brother Nahor :
They come on , as through a break ; they roll on under ruin .
Wherever they went , the hand of Jehovah was against them for evil , as Jehovah had spoken , and as Jehovah had sworn to them . And it distressed them very much .
And the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet , and his God gave him rest all around .
And He , coming into the temple , the chief priests and elders of the people came near to Him as He was teaching , saying , By what authority do you do these things ? And who gave this authority to you ?
The horseman lifts up both the gleam of the sword and the lightning of the spear , and many are slain , and there are a mass of dead bodies , and no end of corpses ; they stumble on their dead bodies ,
in order to establish the oath which I swore to your fathers , to give them a land flowing with milk and honey , as it is this day . Then I answered and said , Amen , O Jehovah .
Jehovah shall bring the king of Assyria on you , and on your people , and on your father's house , days which have not come since the days Ephraim turned aside from Judah .
And they passed along into Capernaum . And entering into the synagogue , at once He taught on the sabbaths .
O Jerusalem , take advice , that My soul not be alienated from you ; that I not make you a ruin , a land not inhabited .

And all the days of Jared were nine hundred and sixty two years . And he died .
Jesus answered and said to him , What I am doing , you do not yet know . But you will know after these things .
And on the fifteenth of this month is the Feast of Unleavened Bread to Jehovah ; you shall eat unleavened things seven days .
And the man came into the house . And he unloaded the camels and gave straw and fodder to the camels , and water to wash his feet and the feet of the men who were with him .
But he said , How should I be able except someone shall guide me ? And he called Philip near , to come up to sit with him .
Because of this , having much boldness in Christ to enjoin you to do what is becoming ,

For the matter of the queen shall go out to all women , to make their husbands despised in their eyes , in their reporting that king Ahasuerus said to bring in Vashti the queen before him , but she did not come .
And they came to the middle of the house , bringing wheat . And they struck him in the belly . And Rechab and his brother Baanah escaped .
And the servants of Absalom came in to the woman , to the house , and said , Where are Ahimaaz and Jonathan ? And the woman said to them , They passed over the river of water . And they looked and did not find them . And they returned to Jerusalem .
And they set out for him by himself , and for them by themselves , and for the Egyptians eating with him by themselves . For the Egyptians cannot eat bread with the Hebrews ; for it is an abomination in Egypt .
And I know , my God , that You try the heart and are pleased with uprightness ; I , in the uprightness of my heart , have offered willingly all these things ; and now I have watched with joy Your people who are present here offering willingly to You .
then you shall rise from the ambush and shall occupy the city . And Jehovah your God shall give it into your hand .

I wrote to you by a few words by way of Silvanus the faithful brother , as I reckon , exhorting and witnessing this to be the true grace of God , in which you stand .
And He will bring forth your righteousness like the light ; and your judgment like the noon day .
Because this is the covenant which I will covenant with the house of Israel after those days , says the Lord , giving My laws into their mind , and I will write them on their hearts , and I will be their God , and they shall be My people . "
Know , then , and understand that from the going out of a word to restore and to rebuild Jerusalem , to Messiah the Prince , shall be seven weeks and sixty two weeks . The street shall be built again , and the wall , even in times of affliction .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai , saying ,
And they signaled the partners , those in the other boat , to come and help them . And they came and filled both the boats , so that they were sinking .
Of the three , he was honored by the two , and became their head . But he did not come to the first three .
They shall eat the food offering and the sin offering and the guilt offering . And every devoted thing in Israel shall be theirs .
The land shall completely be emptied and utterly stripped , for Jehovah has spoken this word .
And justice is driven back ; and righteousness stands far off ; for truth stumbles in the plaza , and right is not able to enter .

Then the stream beds of waters were seen , and the foundations of the earth were bared at Your rebuke , O Jehovah , at the blast of the breath of Your nostrils .
Please hear this , heads of the house of Jacob , and magistrates of the house of Israel , you who abhor justice and pervert all equity .
For I know that after my death you shall utterly corrupt yourselves , and will turn aside from the way which I have commanded you . And evil shall happen to you in the latter end of the days because you shall do evil in the eyes of Jehovah , to make Him angry with the work of your hands .
I have chosen the way of truth ; I have held Your judgments level ;
And she lusted after them , to the look of her eyes , and sent messengers to them into Chaldea .
A Secret Treasure of David . Watch over me , O God , for I take refuge in You .
And call on Me in the day of distress ; and I will save you ; and you shall glorify Me .
And Jehovah said to me , Son of man , will you judge Oholah and Oholibah ? Then declare to them their abominations .
so that his heart may not be lifted up above his brothers , and that he may not turn aside from the commandment , to the right or to the left ; so that he may prolong his days over his kingdom , he and his sons in the midst of Israel .
And from this measure you shall measure the length , twenty five thousand cubits , and the width , ten thousand . And in it shall be the sanctuary , the holiest of the holy .
And those on the rock are those who , when they hear , receive the Word with joy ; and these have no root , who believe for a time , and in time of trial draw back .
For indeed concerning the ministry to the saints , it is unnecessary for me to write to you .
And as you saw the iron mixed with the clay of the clay , they shall be mixed with the seed of men . But they shall not adhere to one another , even as iron does not mix with clay .
Then if you have me as a partner , receive him as me .
And there was a voice from the expanse that was over their heads . In their standing still , they let down their wings .
Following after Paul and us , she cried out , saying , These men are slaves of the Most High God , who are announcing to us a way of salvation !
And say , So says the Lord Jehovah : A great eagle came to Lebanon , one with great wings , long of pinion , full of feathers , having different colors to him . And he took the top of the cedar .
With whomever it may be found , with him of your servants , he shall die ; and we also will become slaves to my lord .
the sons of Neziah , the sons of Hatipha ;

And going out , he followed him , and did not know that this happening through the angel was real , but he thought he saw a vision .
Because you did not listen to the voice of Jehovah , or execute His burning anger on Amalek , on this account Jehovah is doing this thing to you today .
And Benjamin came out to meet them from Gibeah on the second day , and again destroyed to the earth eighteen thousand men of the sons of Israel ; all these were swordsmen .
Their sorrows shall multiply if they run after another god . I will not pour out their drink offering of blood ; and I will not take their names on my lips .
Have death's gates been opened to you ; or have you seen the gates of the shadow of death ?
And you shall take the oil of anointing , and you shall anoint the tabernacle and all that is in it . And you shall sanctify it and all its vessels . And it shall become holy .
When You did terrifying things which we did not look for , You came down ; mountains flowed down before You .
And all of them conspired together to come and fight against Jerusalem , and do harm to it .
One trusting in his riches , he shall fall ; but like a green leaf the righteous shall sprout .
And a reed like a staff was given to me , and the angel stood , saying , Rise and measure the temple of God and the altar , and those worshiping in it .
And he shall make good that in which he sinned against the holy thing , and he shall add its fifth part to it , and give it to the priest . And the priest shall atone for him with the ram of the guilt offering ; and it shall be forgiven him .

And all having become cheered , they also took food .

And the forces of the overflow shall be swept from before his face , and they will be broken , and also the ruler of a covenant .
But you gave the Nazarites wine to drink , and you commanded the prophets , saying , Do not prophesy .
And I , behold , I have taken your brothers the Levites from the midst of the sons of Israel ; as a gift they are given to you by Jehovah , to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And moving from there , Jesus came beside the Sea of Galilee . And going up into the mountain , He sat there .


To the chief musician , on the harp . A Psalm of David . O Jehovah , our Lord , how majestic is Your name in all the earth ; You have set Your glory above the heavens !
And all those hearing Him were amazed at His intelligence and His answers .


And Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead , and the people appointed him head over them , and as commander . And Jephthah spoke all his words before Jehovah in Mizpeh .
You shall not steal nor lie , nor deceive to one another .
and to Jesus the Mediator of a new covenant , and to blood of sprinkling speaking better things than that of Abel .
From there he seeks food ; his eyes see afar off .
And they were both righteous before God , walking blameless in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord .
This one first found his own brother Simon and tells him , We have found the Messiah ( which being translated is , the Christ ) .
And take heed to do all the statutes and the ordinances which I am setting before you today .
And Eleazar the son of Aaron died , and they buried him in the hill of Phinehas his son , which was given to him in the hills of Ephraim .
Your eyes saw my embryo ; and in Your book all my members were written the days they were formed , and not one was among them .
To you it was revealed , so that you might know that Jehovah is God , and no one else besides Him .
Jehovah said , Truly I will free you for good . Truly I will cause the enemy to entreat you in the time of evil and in the time of distress .
the ark of the testimony , and its poles , and the mercyseat ,
And the unclean spirit convulsing him , and crying out with a loud voice , he came out of him .
And Jehovah was very angry with Aaron , to destroy him , and I also prayed for Aaron at that time .
And the men of Judah said , Why have you come up against us ? And they said , We have come up to bind Samson , to do to him as he has done to us .
Because they pay no attention to the works of Jehovah , and to the works of His hands , He will destroy them , and not build them up .
So I have loved Your commands , more than gold , even fine gold .
The sons of God saw the daughters of men , that they were good . And they took wives for themselves from all those whom they chose .
For this reason I will not neglect to cause you to remember always concerning these things , though you know and have been confirmed in the present truth .
And you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city . And you shall fell every good tree , and you shall stop all the fountains of water . And you shall mar every good lot with stones .
For You are our Father , though Abraham does not know us , and Israel does not acknowledge us ; You , Jehovah , are our Father , our Redeemer ; Your name is from everlasting .
And Saul commanded his servants , Speak to David secretly , saying , Behold the king delights in you , and all his servants love you . And now , be son-in-law to the king .
And on the fourth day they gathered at the Valley of Blessing , for they blessed Jehovah there ; on account of this they have called the name of that place the Valley of Blessing to this day .
So , behold , the days come , declares Jehovah , that I will cause a shout of war to be heard in Rabbah of the sons of Ammon . And it shall be a heap , a ruin , and her daughter villages shall be burned with fire . Then Israel shall inherit his inheritance , says Jehovah .
And the Canaanites , and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear , and shall come around against us , and shall cut off our name out of the earth . And what shall You do for Your great name ?
And now , send to me a skilled man to work in gold , and in silver , and in bronze , and in iron , and in purple , and crimson , and violet , and knowing how to engrave all kinds of engravings with the skilled men who are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem , whom my father David has prepared .
besides that from the traders , and that the merchants were bringing in . And all the kings of Arabia , and the rulers of the land , were bringing in gold and silver to Solomon .
He said to the woman , I will greatly increase your sorrow and your conception ; you shall bear sons in sorrow , and your desire shall be toward your husband ; and he shall rule over you .
She opens her mouth in wisdom , and the law of kindness is on her tongue .
Jesus said to them , If you were blind , you would have no sin . But now you say , We see ; therefore , your sin remains .
And you shall make a veil of blue and purple and crimson , and twined linen . One shall make it by the work of the skilled workman , with cherubs .
Jehovah cause His face to shine on you , and be gracious to you ;
Azareel , Shelemiah , Shemariah ,
And also they struck the tents of cattle , and they captured sheep and camels in abundance . And they returned to Jerusalem .
And he stood and called to the ranks of Israel , and said to them , Why do you come out to set in order the battle ? Am I not the Philistine , and you Saul's servants ? Choose one of yourselves , and let him come to me .
And the people fell on the spoil , and took sheep , and oxen , and sons of the herd , and slaughtered them to the ground . And the people ate with the blood .
But he who stands firm in heart , not having necessity , but has authority as to his own will , and has judged this in his heart , to keep his virginity ; he does well .
And I sent messengers to them , saying , I am doing a great work , and I cannot come down . Why should the work cease while I leave it and come down to you ?
So the Lord Jehovah says this : As I live , surely My oath that he has despised , and My covenant that he has broken , I will even give it on his head .
they said to Him , Teacher , this woman was taken in the very act , committing adultery .
How many are my iniquities and sins ? Make me know my transgressions and my sin .
And the battle went hard against Saul . And the archers , men with the bow , found him and he was sorely wounded by the archers .
They perish from the breath of God , and by the blast of His anger they are consumed .

But majestic Jehovah will place there for us a place of rivers and streams , broad on both hands ; a ship with oars shall not go in it , and a majestic boat shall not pass through it .
And Hilkiah and those of the king went to Huldah the prophetess , the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath , the son of Hasrah , the keeper of the robes ; and she was living in Jerusalem in the Second . And they spoke to her about this .
He did wonders before their fathers in the land of Egypt , the field of Zoan .
Surely he was honored more than the three ? And he was the commander to them , but he did not come to the first three .
And it happened after the death of Moses the servant of Jehovah , Jehovah spoke to the son of Nun , Moses' minister , saying ,
And Gideon said to God , If You are to deliver Israel by my hand , as You have spoken ,
That which has gone out of your lips , you shall keep , and shall do it . According as you have vowed as a freewill offering to Jehovah your God , do even that which you have promised with your mouth .

in the twilight , in the evening , in the black and darkness of night .
The lips of the righteous know what is pleasing , but the mouth of the wicked knows only perversities .
When the heavens shall be shut up , and there is no rain , because they have sinned against You , and they shall pray toward this place , and confess Your name , turning back from their sin because You have afflicted them ,
And the son of Shammai was Maon ; and Maon was the father of Beth-zur .
For I say to you that never in any way I will eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of God .
I will remember the works of Jehovah ; surely I will remember Your wonders of old .
For this is My blood of the New Covenant which concerning many is being poured out for remission of sins .
And it happened at that time , Eli was lying down in his place , and his eyes had begun to be dim ; he was not able to see .
for they shall add length of days and long life and peace to you .
And Jonathan said , My father has troubled the land . See , now , that my eyes became bright , for I tasted this little honey .
And she said , Who would have said to Abraham , Will Sarah suckle sons ? For I have borne a son to his old age .
And it shall be on the sixth day they shall prepare what they bring in . And it shall be double what they gather day by day .
And he said , Set your wages on me and I will give .
But if he does not hear , take one or two more with you , " so that on the mouth of two " or " three witnesses every word may stand " .

They stir up strife ; they hide ; they observe my footprints as they wait for my soul .
And He was there in the wilderness forty days , being tempted by Satan , and was with the wild beasts . And the angels ministered to Him .
All the saints greet you , most of all those of Caesar's house .
And He established them forever and ever ; He gave a decree that they not pass away .
And the sons of Gomer were Ashchenaz , and Riphath , and Togarmah .
And Reuben came back to the pit . And , behold , Joseph was not in the pit ; and he tore his clothes .
For there is not a memory of the wise more than with the fool forever , in that already the days to come will be forgotten . And how does the wise die above the fool ?

and took their land , and gave it for an inheritance to the Reubenites , and to the Gadites , and for the half tribe of Manasseh .
Then the chiliarch sent away the young man , charging him , Tell no one that you reported these things to me .
And tongues as of fire appeared to them , being distributed , and it sat on each one of them .
There the wicked cease from turmoil , and there the weary are at rest ;
And we sent with them our brother whom we often proved in many things to be earnest , and now much more earnest by the great assurance which I have toward you .
And the one seeing has borne witness and his witness is true ; and that one knows that he speaks truly , that you may believe .
to make Your might known to the sons of men ; yea , the glorious majesty of His kingdom .
And immediately in the morning , the chief priests with the elders and scribes and all the sanhedrin forming a council , binding Jesus , they led Him away and delivered Him to Pilate .
The evil bow before the good ; yea , the wicked at the gates of the just .
And of the half tribe of Manasseh were eighteen thousand who were designated by name , to come to make David king .
And full of the Holy Spirit , Jesus returned from the Jordan , and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness .

And the men marveled , saying , What kind of man is this , that even the winds and the sea obey Him ?
and one kid of the goats , a sin offering , besides the continual burnt offering , and its food offering , and its drink offering .
First of all then , I exhort that petitions , prayers , intercessions , and thanksgivings be made on behalf of all men ,
Then the king said to me , For what do you ask ? So I prayed to the God of Heaven ,
For so Jehovah of hosts has said , Cut down her trees and pour out a mound against Jerusalem . She is the city to be visited . In her midst is oppression , all of her .
Then the Jews sought Him in the feast , and said , Where is He ?
The fourteenth to Mattithiah , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
They who swear by the guilt of Samaria , and say , As your God lives , O Dan ! And , As the way of Beer-sheba lives ! Even they shall fall , and not rise again .
And all this happened so that might be fulfilled that spoken by the Lord through the prophet , saying ,
And they pulled up from Hazeroth and camped in Rithmah .
lest you learn his ways and take a snare for your soul .
Sing to God , sing praise to His name ; lift up for Him who rides in the deserts ; by His name Jehovah ; yea , exult in His presence .
What ? Should mankind complain , living man because of his sins ?
who will not allow me to take my breath , but fills me with bitterness .
Yet within three days Pharaoh will lift up your head from you and hang you on a tree , and the birds will eat your flesh off you .
But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth , and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it .
And returning , He found them sleeping again , for their eyes were heavy . And they did not know what to answer Him .
A thousand shall fall by your side , and ten thousand at your right hand ; it shall not come near you .


every valley shall be filled up , and every mountain and hill shall be made low ; and the crooked places shall be made into straight , and the rough into smooth ways ; "
which some having asserted have missed the mark concerning the faith . Grace be with you . Amen .
but each with his gift of his hand , according to the blessing of Jehovah your God , which He has given you .
And Mattithiah of the Levites ( he is the first-born to Shallum the Korahite ) was first over the work of the pans .
And I declare to him that I am judging his house forever , for the iniquity which he has known ; for his sons have been making themselves vile , and he has not restrained them .
And the one keeping His commandments abides in Him , and He in him . And by this we know that He abides in us , by the Spirit which He gave to us .
And when the sons of Israel cried to Jehovah , Jehovah raised up a deliverer to the sons of Israel , Othniel the son of Kenaz , Caleb's younger brother , who saved them .
And his tender feelings are abundant toward you , remembering the obedience of all of you , as you received him with fear and trembling .
And they did not repent of their murders , nor of their sorceries , nor of their fornications , nor of their thefts .
One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one . You shall flee from the rebuke of five , until you are left like a pole on the top of the mountain , and like a sign on a hill .
And over the division of the second month was Dodai an Ahohite , and of his division , Mikloth was also the ruler ; and in his division were twenty four thousand .
Why did I come forth from the womb to see toil and sorrow , and my days consumed in shame ?
For in much wisdom is much grief ; and he who increases knowledge increases pain .

Then he said , those having power among you may go down with me . If there is a thing amiss in this man , let them accuse him .

And the flood was on the earth forty days . And the waters increased , and bore up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
When wisdom enters into your heart , and knowledge is pleasing to your soul ,
I , even I will give to them in My house and in My walls a hand and a name better than sons and than daughters ; I will give them an everlasting name which shall not be cut off .

And so , being long-suffering , he obtained the promise .
so that was fulfilled that spoken through the prophet , saying : " I will open My mouth in parables ; I will say things hidden from the foundation of the world . "
I prayed for this boy , and Jehovah has given my petition which I asked of Him to me .
Because of this , I write these things while absent , that being present I may not deal sharply with you according to the authority which the Lord gave me for building up and not for pulling down .

For who of all flesh that has heard the voice of the living God speaking out of the midst of the fire , as we have , and has lived ?
Take from among you an offering to Jehovah . Everyone willing of heart shall bring it , the offering of Jehovah : gold and silver and bronze ,
" And I will give wonders in the heaven above , " and miracles " on the earth below , blood and fire and vapor of smoke .
He rose up from the supper and laid aside His garments . And taking a towel , He girded Himself .
For many in Judah were sworn to him because he was the son-in-law of Shechaniah the son of Arah , and his son Jehohanan had taken the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah .
When Israel was a child , then I loved him , and I called My son out of Egypt .
and that they should make heard and cause to pass the call in all their cities , and in Jerusalem , saying , Go forth to the mountain and bring olive branches and wild olive branches , and myrtle branches , and branches of palm , and branches of thick trees , to make booths , as it is written .
and of the tribe of the sons of Ephraim , Kemuel the ruler , the son of Shiphtan ;
For when nations not having Law do by nature the things of the Law , they not having Law are a law to themselves ,
God is a righteous judge ; and God is angry with evildoers every day .
And Jehovah said to him , Pass through in the midst of the city , in the midst of Jerusalem , and mark a mark on the foreheads of the men who are groaning and are mourning over all the abominations that are done in her midst .
among whom was Mary Magdalene , and Mary the mother of James and Joses , and the mother of the sons of Zebedee .
and being perfected , He became the Author of eternal salvation to all the ones obeying Him ,
And Joab the son of Zeruiah knew that the king's heart was on Absalom .
For the sons of Israel had walked forty years in the wilderness , until all the nation , the men of war who had come out of Egypt were consumed , those who did not listen to the voice of Jehovah , to whom Jehovah had sworn to them not to show them the land which Jehovah swore to their fathers , to give to us , a land flowing with milk and honey ; these were consumed .
I do not speak concerning all of you ; I know whom I chose out ; but that the Scripture might be fulfilled , " The one eating the bread with Me lifted up his heel against Me . "
and they set themselves in the midst of that portion , and delivered it , and struck the Philistines , and Jehovah saved by a great deliverance .
And a highway shall be there , and a way , and it shall be called , The Way of Holiness . The unclean shall not pass over it . And it is for them , the wayfaring one ; yea , fools shall not go astray .
And those numbered of the sons of Gershon , by their families , and by their fathers' house ,
But answering He said to them , Why do you also transgress the command of God on account of your tradition ?
But I desire you to be without care . The unmarried one cares for the things of the Lord , how to please the Lord ;
And he begged Him very much , saying , My daughter is at the last end . I pray that You will come and lay hands on her , that she may be cured and live .
and to those in Hormah , and to those in Chorashan , and to those in Athach ,
Then show them a proof of your love and of our boastings toward you , even in the sight of the churches .
But your iniquities are coming between you and your God ; and your sins have hidden His face from you , from hearing .
Bring my soul out from prison to give thanks to Your name ; the righteous shall gather around me ; for You shall deal bountifully with me .
For it is easier for a camel to go in through a needle's eye than for a rich one to enter into the kingdom of God .
of Naphtali , Ahira the son of Enan .
But of the cities of these peoples which Jehovah your God is giving to you as an inheritance , you shall not keep alive any that breathes .
Joah , his son ; Iddo , his son ; Zerah , his son , Jeaterai , his son .
And you shall give the cities from the possession of the sons of Israel . From the many you shall increase , and take away from the few . According to its inheritance which it inherits each tribe shall give of its cities to the Levites .
and do not enter into judgment with Your servant ; for not anyone living is just in Your sight .
You shall not muzzle an ox when he is treading out grain .
and they rose up before Moses , with certain of the sons of Israel , two hundred and fifty rulers of the congregation , elect men of the assembly , men of name .
For the ear heard , and blessed me ; and the eye saw , and witnessed for me .
For Topheth is ordained from yesterday . Also , it is prepared for the king ; He deepened ; He widened its pyre ; He makes great with fire and wood . The breath of Jehovah burns in it like a torrent of brimstone .
And he lived as far to the east as to the entrance of the wilderness from the Euphrates River , because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead .
And you , do not pray for this people ; do not lift up cry or prayer for them . Do not intercede with Me , for I do not hear you .
And the watchman saw another man running . And the watchman called to the gatekeeper and said , Behold , a man running by himself ! And the king said , Also this one is bearing tidings .
In that day I will confirm to Eli all that I have spoken to his house , beginning and making an end .


And his kinsman Asaph who stood on his right hand : Asaph , the son of Berachiah , the son of Shimea ,
Why has my pain been without end and my wound incurable , refusing to be healed ? You surely are to me like deceitful waters which cannot be trusted .
and send against you the beast of the field , and it shall bereave you . And I shall cut off your livestock and shall make you few , so that your ways are desolate .
And I will consecrate destroyers against you , each one with his weapons ; and they will cut down your choice cedars and make them fall into the fire .
A whip for the horse , a bridle for the ass , and a rod for the back of fools .
And the priest shall offer them , the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering . And the priest shall atone for him before Jehovah for his discharge .
but hospitable , a lover of good , discreet , just , holy , temperate ,
Love quietly covers all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things .
I speak according to dishonor , as if we have been weak . But in whatever anyone dares ( I say it in foolishness ) , I also dare .
For the rest , the crown of righteousness is laid up for me , which the Lord , the righteous Judge , will give to me in that Day , and not only to me , but also to all the ones loving His appearance .

And every food offering , mixed with oil or dry , it shall be for all the sons of Aaron to a man , as his brother .
Greet Urbanus , our helper in Christ , and my beloved Stachys .
O king , all these Araunah gives to the king . And Araunah said to the king , May Jehovah your God accept you .
before the birth of the decree , the day shall pass like the chaff , yet not before the hot anger of Jehovah comes on you , yet not before the day of the anger of Jehovah comes on you .

Watch , now , for Jehovah has chosen you to build a house for a sanctuary . Be strong and act .

But , brothers , we make known to you the grace of God which has been given among the churches of Macedonia ,
Yes , brother , that I may have your help in the Lord , refresh my heart in the Lord .
And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael , by their names , according to their generations : the first born of Ishmael was Nebajoth ; then Kedar , and Adbeel , and Mibsam ,
So says Jehovah , So I will spoil the pride of Judah , and the great pride of Jerusalem .
And passing through Pisidia , they came to Pamphylia .
And this shall be the sign to you , that which shall come on your two sons , on Hophni and Phinehas : in one day the both of them shall die .



And he shall bring it near before Jehovah , and shall atone for her ; and she shall be cleansed from the fountain of her blood ; this is the law of her who bears , whether a male or a female .

For what do you know , wife , whether you will save the husband ? Or what do you know , husband , whether you will save the wife ?
And they buried him in his grave which he had made for himself in the city of David , and laid him in the bed which he had filled with sweet odors and kinds of aromatic herbs , with a mixture of ointments by art . And they burned a great burning for him .
And you shall know that Jehovah your God is not giving you this good land , to possess it , for your righteousness ; for you are a stiffnecked people .
And it happened , when he finished speaking to Saul , the soul of Jonathan was knitted with the soul of David ; and Jonathan loved him as his own soul .
And no one has gone up into Heaven , except He having come down out of Heaven , the Son of Man who is in Heaven .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
You are offering defiled food on My altar , and you say , In what have we defiled You ? It is in your saying , The table of Jehovah , it is to be despicable .
One despising his friend lacks heart , but an understanding man remains silent .
For I was upright with Him , and kept myself from my guilt .
And He said to him , Why do you call Me good ? No one is good except One , God ! But if you desire to enter into life , keep the commandments .
The of Solomon , son of David , king of Israel :
Jesus said to him , Again it has been written : " You shall not tempt the Lord your God . "
Going around from there , we arrived at Rhegium . And after one day , a south wind having come on , on the second we came to Puteoli ,

Why will you die , you and your people , by the sword , by the famine , and by the plague , as Jehovah has spoken against the nation that will not serve the king of Babylon ?
These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur : the first-born of Ephratah was Shobal , the father of Kirjath-jearim ;
by the power of God , having been guarded through faith to a salvation ready to be revealed in the last time ;
And she took the baking pan and poured out before him . But he refused to eat , and Amnon said , Cause every man to go out from me . And every one of them went out from him .
Stay tonight , and it shall be in the morning , if he will redeem you , well ; he will redeem . And if he does not delight to redeem you , as Jehovah lives , then I will redeem you . Lie down until the morning .
And the king said , Is there not yet a man to the house of Saul , that I may show the kindness of God to him ? And Ziba said to the king , There is yet a son to Jonathan , lame in both feet .
He founded the earth on its foundations ; it shall not be shaken forever and ever .

And going out from there , Jesus withdrew to the parts of Tyre and Sidon .
And you shall make its pots to remove its ashes , and its shovels and its sacrificial bowls , and its flesh forks , and its pans . You shall make all its vessels to be bronze .
And the king sent to call Ahimelech the priest , the son of Ahitub , and all his father's house , the priests in Nob . And they came , all of them , to the king .
Like a drunkard , the earth is staggering , staggering ! And it rocks to and fro like a hut . And its trespass is heavy on it ; and it shall fall , and not rise again .

And Jehovah said to Moses , Count every first-born male of the sons of Israel from a son of a month and upward , and take the number of their names .
And he took up his parable and said , The saying of Balaam the son of Beor , and the saying of the man whose eyes have been opened ;
So that might be fulfilled that spoken through Isaiah the prophet , saying ,
And there was a great famine in Samaria . And behold ! They were laying siege to it until the head of an ass was at eighty silver pieces , and a fourth of a cab of dove's dung at five silver pieces .
And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian , he whom she had borne to Abraham , mocking .
And it happened when the sons of Israel had cried to Jehovah about Midian ,
And now , if I have found favor in Your eyes , please make me see Your ways , and let me know You , so that I may find favor in Your eyes ; and consider that this nation is Your people .
And I answered and spoke to the angel who was talking with me , saying , What are these , my lord ?
And you shall keep all My statutes , and all My judgments , and shall do them , and the land where I am bringing you to live in it shall not vomit you out .
Gird Your sword on Your thigh , Mighty One ; with Your glory and Your majesty .
and Solomon built Gezer , and Beth-horon the lower ,
In number , all the males , from a son of a month and upward were eight thousand and six hundred , keepers of the charge of the sanctuary .
And I saw one angel standing in the sun . And he cried with a great voice , saying to all the birds flying in mid-heaven , Come and gather together to the supper of the great God ,
Do you think this to be just , you that say , I am more just than God ?
But if Christ has not been raised , your faith is foolish ; you are still in your sins .
And the Philistines called for priests and for diviners , saying , What shall we do to the ark of Jehovah ? Let us know with what we shall send it to its place .
And I said to you , You have come into the hills of the Amorites , which Jehovah our God is giving to us .

And Abner sent messengers to David for himself , saying , Whose is the land ? He said , Cut your covenant with me , and , behold , my hand shall be with you , to bring all Israel around to you .
On the eighth day he sent the people away , and they blessed the king , and went to their tents rejoicing and glad of heart for all the good that Jehovah had done to His servant David , and to His people Israel .
And returned , and all Israel with him to the camp at Gilgal .
Our fathers worshiped in this mountain , and you say that in Jerusalem is the place where it is necessary to worship .
And it was in the heart of my father to build a house for the name of Jehovah the God of Israel .
so that Jehovah may establish His word which He spoke to me , saying , If your sons take heed to their way , to walk before me in truth , with all their heart , and with all their soul , saying , There shall not be a man to you cut off from the throne of Israel .

And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and Jehovah was with him .
And Moses said to God , Behold , I shall come to the sons of Israel and say to them , the God of your fathers has sent me to you ; and they will say to me , What is His name ? What shall I say to them ?
And David went up there , and also his two wives , Ahinoam of Jezreel , and Abigail the former wife of Nabal of Carmel .
And Joseph said to Pharaoh , The dream of Pharaoh is one . God has shown Pharaoh what He is about to do .
replied before the king and said , The secret which the king has demanded cannot be shown to the king by the wise men , the conjurers , the horoscopists , or the fortunetellers .
And immediately , then , the brothers sent away Paul , to go as toward the sea . But both Silas and Timothy remained there .
But in all these things we more than conquer through Him loving us .

also to bring the first-born of our sons , and of our cattle , as it is written in the Law ; and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks to the house of our God , to the priests who minister in the house of our God .
For God gives wisdom , and knowledge and joy to a man who is good in His sight . But to the sinner He gives the task of gathering and collecting , to give to him who is good before God . This also is vanity and striving after wind .
For if you were believing Moses , you would then believe Me ; for that one wrote concerning Me .
For according to the number of your cities were your gods , O Judah ; yea , according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem you have set up altars to that shameful thing , altars to burn incense to Baal .
and the sons of Hezron , who were born to him , were Jerahmeel , and Ram , and Chelubai .

Like the young lion , He has left His den ; for their land is a waste because of the glow of the oppressor , and because of His glowing anger
And the men of Israel answered the men of Judah and said , We have ten hands in the king , and we also have more in David than you . Why then did you despise us , that our word was not first to bring back our king ? And the word of the men of Judah was more fierce than the word of the men of Israel .
And the sons of Benjamin from Geba were at Michmash ; and Aija ; and Bethel , and their villages ;
And you , child , will be called Prophet of the Most High , for you will go before the face of the Lord to prepare His ways ,
And Aaron shall bring the bull of the sin offering which is his own , and shall atone for himself , and for his house , and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is his own .
The entering of Your word gives light , instructing the simple ones .

And when this people , or the prophet , or a priest , shall ask you , saying , What is the burden of Jehovah ? You shall then say to them , What burden ? I will even forsake you , says Jehovah .
And they said to them as Jesus commanded , and they let them go .
Come into Bethel and transgress ; multiply transgressing at Gilgal . And bring our sacrifices for the morning , your tithes for three days ;
And Deborah and Barak , the son of Abinoam , sang on that day , saying :
And all with one mind began to beg off . The first said to him , I have bought a field , and I have need to go out and see it ; I ask you , have me excused .
And he said to me , This is the curse that goes forth over the face of the whole earth . For from now on everyone who steals shall be cut off according to it ; and everyone who swears from now on shall be cut off according to it .

And rose early in the morning , and brought Israel near by its tribes . And the tribe of Judah was taken .
I have hated those keeping worthless idols ; but I trust in Jehovah .
The heaven and the earth will pass away , but My words will not at all pass away .
And Samuel said to the people , It is Jehovah who made Moses and Aaron , and who caused your fathers to go up from the land of Egypt .
For His blessed ones inherit the earth , and those cursed by Him shall be cut off .
And it came about that from the time he appointed him over his house and over all he owned , Jehovah blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake . And the blessing of Jehovah was on all that he had , in the house and in the field .
This is the Bread coming down out of Heaven , that anyone may eat of it and not die .
and a third shall be at the king's house , and a third at the gate of the foundation ; and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of Jehovah .
And if anyone takes away from the words of the Book of this prophecy , God will take away his part from the Book of Life , and out of the holy city , and of the things having been written in this Book .
And he came in to the men of Succoth , and said , Behold , Zebah and Zalmunna , about whom you taunted me , saying , Is the palm of Zebah and Zalmunna now in your hand that we should give bread to your weary men ?
And the Philistines pursued Saul and his sons ; and the Philistines struck Jonathan , and Abinadab , and Malchishua , the sons of Saul .
And falling on the earth he heard a voice saying to him , Saul , Saul ! Why do you persecute Me ?
And now if You will , lift up their sin . And if not , I pray , blot me out from Your book which You have written .

And now send , gather all Israel to me , to Mount Carmel and four hundred and fifty of the prophets of Baal , and four hundred of the prophets of Asherah , who eat at the table of Jezebel .
But He was wounded for our transgressions ; He was bruised for our iniquities ; the chastisement of our peace was upon Him ; and with His wounds we ourselves are healed .


The form of any creeping thing on the ground ; the form of any fish in the waters under the earth ;
And David said to Gad , I am in a great distress ; now let me fall into the hand of Jehovah , for His mercies are very many ; but do not let me fall into the hand of man .
And it will be , when they say to you , For what do you groan ? Then you shall say , Because of the news that is coming . And every heart will melt , and all hands will become feeble . And every spirit will faint and all knees will flow as water . Behold , it comes , and it shall be , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And the border of their inheritance was Zorah , and Eshtaol , and I-rshemesh ,
I said , O Jehovah be gracious to me ; heal my soul , for I have sinned against You .
What is man that he should be clean ? And he born of a woman , that he should be righteous ?
And coming , the Pharisees and Sadducees asked Him to show them a sign out of the heaven , tempting Him .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses and to Aaron , saying ,

Violence has risen for a rod of wickedness . None of them shall remain , even none of their multitude , and none of their riches , and none eminent among them .
And Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon came against the city , and his servants lay siege to it .
And there was a battle again with the Philistines ; and Elhanan the son of Jair killed Lahmi , the brother of Goliath the Gittite the wood of whose spear was like the weavers' beam .
Who knows why I have come , and no one is here ? I called , and not one answered . Is My hand truly cut short from ransom ? Or is there not power in Me to deliver ? Behold , at My rebuke I dry up the sea ; I make rivers a wilderness ; their fish stink because of no water , and die in thirst .
The face of Jehovah is against those who do evil , to cut off their memory from the earth .
And the double hooks , one span , were fastened in the house all around ; and on the tables was the flesh of the offering .
Give to Jehovah , O families of the people ; give to Jehovah glory and might .
And some of the heads of the fathers gave to the work . The governor gave to the treasury a thousand darics of gold , fifty , basins , five hundred and thirty priests garments .
then the priest shall look , and behold , if the leprosy has covered all his flesh , he shall pronounce the plagued one clean ; it has all turned white ; he is clean .
And they removed the gods of the alien from among them , and served Jehovah . And His soul was grieved with the misery of Israel .
And it happened , when the sons of Israel became strong , they put the Canaanites to tribute , but did not completely expel them .
And they will be gathered , a gathering of prisoners in a dungeon . And they shall be shut up in a prison ; and after many days they will be visited .
And I saw a great white throne , and the One sitting on it , from whose face the earth and the heaven fled ; and a place was not found for them .
And he shall burn it as incense on the altar , with all its fat , as the fat of the sacrifice of the peace offerings . And the priest shall atone for him because of his sin ; and it shall be forgiven him .
For on behalf of His name they went out , taking nothing from the nations .
You who have escaped the sword , go away . Do not stand still . Remember Jehovah afar off , and let Jerusalem come into your heart .
When Micaiah , the son of Gemariah , the son of Shaphan , had heard all the words of Jehovah out of the book ,
And it happened in their parting from Him , Peter said to Jesus , Master , it is good for us to be here . And , Let us make three tents , one for You , and one for Moses , and one for Elijah , not knowing what he said .
All of them shall answer and say to you , Are you also made as weak as we ? Are you likened to us ?
Tell us when these things shall be ? And what is the sign when all these things are about to be done ?

And you , Pashur , and all who live in your house , shall go into captivity . And you shall come to Babylon ; and you shall die there . And you shall be buried there , you and all your friends to whom you have prophesied lies .
And the man's name was Nabal , and his wife's name , Abigail . And the woman was of good understanding , and beautiful of form . And the man was cruel and evil in his dealings . And He was of Caleb .
And He said to them , Whose image and inscription is this ?
And all the congregation brought him outside the camp and stoned him with stones . And he died , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
And Jehovah said to Satan , Have you set your heart on My servant because there is none like him in the earth , a perfect and upright man , fearing God and turning away from evil ?


And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up and fell on him , and executed him . And he was buried in his own house in the wilderness .
As streams of waters , the king's heart is in the hand of Jehovah ; He turns it wherever He desires .
Then in the resurrection , of which of them does she become wife ? For the seven had her as wife .
For I think that God set us out last , the apostles , as appointed to death , because we became a spectacle to the world , even to angels and to men .
All these were the sons of Obed-edom . They and their sons and their brothers were mighty men with strength for service . Sixty two were of Obededom .
And at the appearing of the Chief Shepherd , you will receive the never fading crown of glory .
For He fulfilled my lot , and many like these are with Him .
and he shall not pollute his seed among his people ; for I am Jehovah who sanctifies him .
This grace was given to me , less than the least of all the saints , to proclaim the gospel of the unsearchable riches of Christ among the nations ,

And coming near , His disciples awakened Him , saying , Lord , save us ! We are perishing .
And the disciples were astonished at His words . And answering again , Jesus said to them , Children , how hard it is for those trusting on riches to enter into the kingdom of God !
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And I saw on the right of the One sitting on the throne a scroll having been written within and on the back , having been sealed with seven seals .
Then knowing the fear of the Lord , we persuade men , and we have been manifest to God ; and I also hope to have been manifest in your consciences .
And Hagar bore a son to Abram , and Abram called the name of his son whom Hagar bore , Ishmael .
For hearing , some provoked Him , but not all those coming out of Egypt through Moses .
And he had seven hundred wives , princesses , and three hundred concubines ; and his wives turned away his heart .
Yea , he has put his life in his hand and killed the Philistine And Jehovah worked a great deliverance for all Israel . You saw it and rejoiced . And why do you sin against innocent blood , to put David to death for no reason ?
And you shall cut the ram into pieces ; and you shall wash its inward parts , and its legs , and shall place them on its pieces and on its head .
For what thanks are we able to return to God concerning you , over all the joy with which we rejoice because of you before our God ,
And Toi sent his son Joram to king David to ask of his peace , and to bless him , because he had fought against Hadadezer and struck him . For Hadadezer had been a man of wars against Toi . And in his hand were silver articles , and golden articles , and bronze articles .
The shepherds with their flocks shall come to her ; they shall pitch tents on her all around . They shall each one feed in his hand .
And he said , Then hear the word of Jehovah : I have seen Jehovah sitting on His throne , and all the host of the heavens standing on His right and His left .
Also , O Judah , a harvest is appointed to you , when I return the captivity of My people .
The wicked desires the net of evils , but the root of the righteous gives fruit .
who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple , asked alms .
He still was speaking with them , and Rachel came with the sheep which were her father's ; for she was a shepherdess .
And one of them , a lawyer , questioned Him , testing Him , and saying ,
And the men rose up and went . And commanded those who were going to map out the land , saying , Go , and walk up and down through the land , and map it , and return to me . And I will cast a lot for you here before Jehovah at Shiloh .
For they enraged Him with their high places ; and they provoked Him to jealousy with their molten images .
For the family idols speak iniquity , and the diviners have seen a lie and have told false dreams . They comfort in vain . On account of this , they wandered like a flock . They were troubled because there was no shepherd .


The wise inherit honor , but the foolish exalt shame .

And the prince shall enter by way of the porch of the gate from outside and shall stand by the gatepost . And the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings . And he shall worship at the threshold of the gate . Then he shall go out , but the gate shall not be shut until the evening .
And Jephthah sent messengers to the king of the sons of Ammon , saying , What have you to do with me , that you have come in to me to fight in my land ?
On the morrow , coming to the Feast , hearing that Jesus is coming to Jerusalem , a great crowd
And live with us , and the land is before you ; live and trade in it , and get property in it .
And you shall make it incense , an ointment , a work of a perfumer , salted , pure and holy .
And He shall consume the glory of his forest and his fruitful field , even from soul to flesh ; and it shall be as a sick man melts away .
And being moved with pity , reaching out the hand , Jesus touched him , and said to him , I am willing . Be made clean !
Cast away all your transgressions from you by which you have transgressed in them , and make for yourselves a new heart and a new spirit ; for why will you die , O house of Israel ?
And all were filled with anger , hearing these things in the synagogue .
And God said to Jacob , Rise up , go to Bethel and live there . And make an altar there to God , who appeared to you when you fled before your brother Esau .
And it happened on the seventh day , the boy died . And David's servants feared to tell him that the boy was dead , for they said , Behold , while the boy was alive , we spoke to him , and he would not listen to our voice . And how shall we say to him , The boy is dead ? Then he may do harm .
The inheritance of the sons of Simeon was out of the portion of the sons of Judah . For the part of the sons of Judah was too much for them . Therefore , the sons of Simeon had their inheritance within their inheritance .
I say to you that so is joy in Heaven over one sinner repenting , than over ninety nine righteous ones who have no need of repentance .
For the pastors have become stupid , and they have not sought Jehovah . Therefore , they shall not be blessed , and all their flock shall be scattered .
For you shall break forth on the right hand and on the left . And your seed shall possess nations , and people will inhabit ruined cities .

And Peter said to them , Repent and be baptized , each of you on the name of Jesus Christ to remission of sins . And you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit .
And they reasoned with one another , saying , Because we have no loaves .
I know your works , and your labor , and your patience , and that you cannot bear evil ones ; and you tried those pretending to be apostles and are not , and found them to be liars .
Son of man , the inhabitants of ruins are speaking , these in the land of Israel , saying , Abraham was one , and he possessed the land ; but we are many , the land is given to us for a possession .

for I myself was wishing to be a curse from Christ on behalf of my brothers , my kinsmen according to flesh ,
For , behold , the day is coming , burning like a fire pot ; and all the proud and every doer of wickedness shall be chaff . And the coming day will set them ablaze , says Jehovah of hosts , which will not leave root or branches to them .
And stretching out His hand to His disciples , He said , Behold , My mother and My brothers .

And he opened the pit of the abyss . And smoke went up out of the pit , like smoke of a great furnace . And the sun was darkened , and the air , by the smoke of the pit .
You shall not offer up strange incense on it , and burnt offering and food offering ; and you shall not pour out a drink offering , to go up on it .
That which was the word of Jehovah to concerning the matter of droughts .
Nebuchadnezzar the king to all the peoples , the nations , and the tongues that dwell in all the earth : Your peace be multiplied .
My brothers , a fig tree is not able to produce olives , or a vine figs . So neither can a fountain produce both salt and sweet water .
Whoever receives one of such children on My name receives Me . And whoever receives Me does not receives Me , but the One having sent Me .
And David and all Israel went up to Baalah , to Kirjath-jearim of Judah , to bring up from there the ark of Jehovah God , who dwells among the cherubs , where the Name was called on .
For Jehovah is righteous ; He loves righteous deeds ; the upright look upon His face .
The length of the porch was twenty cubits and eleven cubits wide , even with the steps by which they went up to it . And columns were by the pillars , one from here , and one from there .
Let a bear bereaved of her cubs meet a man , rather than a fool in his foolishness .
There is little Benjamin their ruler ; the leaders of Judah in their crowd , and the leaders of Zebulun , the leaders of Naphtali .
And he took it out on his hands , and went on , eating and walking . And he went to his father and to his mother , and gave some to them . And they ate , but he did not tell them that he took the honey out of the body of the lion .
clinging to the faithful word according to the teaching , that he may be able both to encourage by sound doctrine and to convict the ones contradicting .
But as the days of Noah , so also will be the coming of the Son of man .
Phinehas the son of Eleazar , the son of Aaron the priest , has turned My wrath away from the sons of Israel while he was zealous for My sake among them , so that I did not consume the sons of Israel in My jealousy .
And , behold , he has laid shameful charges , saying , I have not found in your daughter the tokens of virginity . And yet see these tokens of my daughter's virginity . And they shall spread the garment before the elders of the city .
And you shall take to yourself your brother Aaron , and his sons with him , from among the sons of Israel , for him to serve as priest to Me ; Aaron , Nadab , and Abihu , Eleazar , and Ithamar , the sons of Aaron .
So says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I am against the shepherds , and I will require My sheep from their hand and cause them to cease from pasturing the sheep . And the shepherds shall no longer feed themselves , for I will deliver My sheep from their mouth , and they will not be food to devour .
the son of Melchi , the son of Addi , the son of Cosam , the son of Elmodam , the son of Er ,
And he acknowledged and did not deny ; yea , he acknowledged , I am not the Christ .
Concerning all of which I am accused by Jews , king Agrippa , I count myself happy being about to make defense before you today ,
But if the ministry of death having been engraved in letters in stone was with glory , so as the sons of Israel could not gaze into " the face of Moses " because of the glory of his face , which was to cease ,
to go into the crevices of the rocks , and into the clefts of the cliffs , from the dread of Jehovah , and from the glory of His majesty ; when He rises up to make the earth quake .
And the fixed number of bricks which they were making yesterday and the third day you shall put on them . You shall not diminish from it . For they are idle ; so they are crying , saying , Let us go , let us sacrifice to our God .
And , behold , one in form as the sons of men touched my lips . And I opened my mouth and spoke and said to him who stood before me , O lord , my pangs have come over me because of the vision , and I have no strength left .
And the second took her , and died , and neither did he leave seed ; and the third likewise .
For You have been my shelter , a strong tower before the enemy .
The sons of Judah , bearing shield and spear , were six thousand , eight hundred , armed for war .
Noah , Shem , Ham , and Japheth .
Did I indeed say , Give to me ? Or , offer a bribe for me from your wealth ?
He has remembered His covenant forever ; the word He commanded to a thousand generations ;

And the sons of Jehaleleel were Ziph and Ziphah ; Tiria and Asareel .

Your father made our yoke hard ; and now lighten the hard service of your father , and his heavy yoke that he put on us , and we shall serve you .
let it be known to all of you , and to all the people of Israel , that in the name of Jesus Christ the Nazaraean , whom you crucified , whom God raised from the dead , in this name this one stands before you whole .
But if you do not forgive , neither will your Father in Heaven forgive your sins .
And Micah said , Now I know that Jehovah will do me good , for the Levite is a priest to me .

And king Solomon caused a labor force to go out of all Israel ; and the labor force was thirty thousand men .

But when Johanan , the son of Kareah , and all the army commanders with him , heard of all the evil that Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , had done ,
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Why will you be stricken any more ? Will you continue the revolt ? The whole head is sick , and the whole heart is faint .
For not the hearers of the Law are just with God , but the doers of the Law shall be justified .
And Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib had come , and his face was set to battle against Jerusalem ;
And Pharaoh said , I will send you away , and you may sacrifice to Jehovah your God in the wilderness ; only do not go very far off . Pray for me .
When had gone into the house of the pit , and into the cells , then remained there many days .
The Kishon torrent swept them away , the ancient river , the Kishon torrent . You trod my soul in strength .

And they shall be like mighty ones who trample the mud of the streets in the battle . And they shall fight because Jehovah is with them , and they shall make the riders of horses ashamed .
And in those days men will seek death , and they will not find it . And they will long to die , yet death will flee from them .
And now hear , I beg you , O my lord the king , please let my plea fall before you , so that you do not make me return to the house of Jonathan the scribe , that I not die there .
for then you will delight over the Almighty , and you will lift up your face to God .
House of Jacob , it is said , The Spirit of Jehovah is limited , if these are His doings . Do not My words do good with the one who walks upright ?
from the reigning of ungodly men , from being snares for the people .
Jehovah is far from the wicked , but He hears the prayer of the righteous .
Watch the perfect and behold the upright one ; for the end of that man is peace .
had not revealed her kindred or her people , as Mordecai had commanded her . For obeyed Mordecai's command , as she did when she was reared by him .
and let his sons always beg and wander , and seek food out of their ruins ;

that this God has fulfilled to us , their children , raising up Jesus ; as also it has been written in the second Psalm , " You are My Son , today I have begotten You . "
For if by a full knowledge of the Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ , they have escaped the defilements of the world , and again being entangled they have been overcome by these , then their last things have become worse than the first .
And he found there a certain man named Aeneas who had been lying on a mattress eight years , who was paralyzed .
For they stretched forth evil against You ; they imagined a plot ; they cannot prevail ,
And in the fifth year of Jehoram the son of Ahab the king of Israel , and Jehoshaphat was king of Judah , Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat , the king of Judah , reigned .
And the woman said , Whom shall I bring up to you ? And he said , Bring up Samuel to me .
For I have kept the ways of Jehovah , and have not wickedly departed from my God .
And Obed fathered Jehu , and Jehu fathered Azariah .
Then why did you not listen to the voice of Jehovah ? Yea , you flew on the spoil , and did you not do evil in the eyes of Jehovah .
And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat , Did I not say to you , He will not prophesy good of me , but evil ?
And the king sent and called for Shimei , and said to him , Did I not cause you to swear by Jehovah , and testify to you , saying , In the day you go out , and you have gone anywhere , you certainly shall know that you shall surely die . And you said to me , The word I have heard is good .
And they pulled up from Rephidim and camped in the wilderness of Sinai .
And they said , O Jehovah , God of Israel , Why has this happened in Israel , to be lacking one tribe today from Israel ?
in every way being troubled , but not having been hemmed in ; having been perplexed , but not utterly at a loss ;
And a day came when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their brother's house , the first-born .
And God saw their works , that they turned from their evil way . And God was compassionate over the evil that He had declared to do to them , and He did not do it .
A leader shall not defile himself among his people , to pollute himself ;
And He said , Send me away , for the dawn has ascended . And he said , I will not let you go unless You bless me .
And rising up , he came to his father . But he yet being far away , his father saw him and was moved with pity . And running , he fell on his neck and fervently kissed him .
You should not have entered into My people's gate on the day of his calamity ; also you should not have looked on his evil on the day of his calamity , nor should you have sent out against his force in the day of his calamity .
And now , swear to me by Jehovah that you shall not cut off my seed after me , nor shall you destroy my name from the house of my father .
He also gave their crops to the stripping locust , and their labor to the locust .
Then the chief priests and the Pharisees assembled a sanhedrin , and said , What are we doing , for this man does many miracles ?
For Mordecai was great in the king's house and his fame went out into all the provinces , for this man Mordecai was going on and growing greater .
And it happened , when the ark of Jehovah had come to the city of David , and Michal the daughter of Saul looked through the window and saw king David leaping and dancing before Jehovah , she despised him in her heart .
For such a High Priest was fitting for us : holy , harmless , undefiled , and separated from sinners , and having become higher than the heavens ;
And many spread their garments on the highway , and others were cutting branches from the trees and were spreading them on the highway .
Behold , I am coming as a thief . Blessed is the one watching and keeping his garments , that he does not walk naked , and they may see his shame .
And he called for his son Solomon , and commanded him to build a house to Jehovah , the God of Israel .
And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal was shearing his flock .
And even to vexation her rival provoked her , so as to make her tremble , because Jehovah had shut up her womb .
Let the elders who take the lead well be counted worthy of double honor , especially those laboring in word and teaching .
And God said , Let the earth sprout tender sprouts , the plant seeding seed , the fruit tree producing fruit according to its kind , whichever seed is in it on the earth . And it was so .
And Naomi said , Turn back , my daughters . Why should you go with me ? Are there yet sons to me in my belly that they should be husbands for you ?
Only , at the mouth of Jehovah , this came upon Judah , to remove them from His presence for the sins of Manasseh , according to all he did ,
The desolations of the enemy are ended forever ; and You have uprooted the cities ; their memory has perished with them .
And Sarah died in Kirjatharba , it is Hebron , in the land of Canaan . And Abraham went in to mourn for Sarah and to weep for her .
Yet even now turn to Me with all your heart , and with fasting , and with weeping , and with mourning , declares Jehovah .
And Boaz said to Ruth , Do you not hear , my daughter ? Do not go to glean another field , and also do not pass through this . And you shall stay close to my young women .
If I did not do the works among them which no other did , they had no sin . But now they both have seen and also have hated Me and My Father .
the son of Cainan , the son of Arphaxad , the son of Shem , the son of Noah , the son of Lamech ,
Call out with the throat ! Do not spare . Lift up your voice like the ram's horn ! And show My people their rebellion , and their sins to the house of Jacob .
And I called for a drought in the land , and on the mountains , and on the grain , and on the new wine , and on the oil , and on that which the ground produces , and on man , and on livestock , and on all the labor of your hands .
And there are differences of workings , but the same God is working all things in all .
And Jehovah said to me , Declare all these words in the cities of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem , saying , Hear the words of this covenant and do them .

And He put His grave with the wicked ; and with a rich man in His death ; although He had done no violence , and deceit was not in His mouth .
For he was a good man , and full of the Holy Spirit and of faith . And a considerable crowd was added to the Lord .
And if the avenger of blood pursues him , then they shall not deliver the manslayer into his hand , for he has struck his neighbor without knowing , and did not hate him yesterday and the day before .

And the crowd rose up against them . And tearing off their clothes , the magistrates ordered men to flog them .
And he said to his brothers , My silver has been put back , and also look in my sack . And their hearts went , and they were each terrified , saying to his brother , What is this God has done to us ?
The fourth was to Izri , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
And going on from there , He saw two other brothers , James the son of Zebedee and his brother John in the boat with their father Zebedee , mending their nets . And He called them .
And David sent one third of the people by the hand of Joab , and one third by the hand of Abishai the son of Zeruiah , Joab's brother , and one third by Ittai the Gittite . And the king said to the people . Going out I will go with you , I also .

it shall be eaten in the day of your sacrificing it , and on the morrow , and that which is left on the third day shall be burned with fire .
And the Man who stood among the myrtle trees answered and said , These are those whom Jehovah has sent to walk to and fro through the earth .
And they pitched , these against those , seven days . And it happened in the seventh day , the battle came up . And the sons of Israel struck Syria , a hundred thousand footmen in one day .
In that day a man shall gaze to his Maker ; and his eyes shall look to the Holy One of Israel .

For , behold , our fathers have fallen by the sword , and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in exile for this .


They were for wives to the families of the son of Manasseh the son of Joseph , and their inheritance was with the tribe of the family of their father .
And you fill up the measure of your fathers .
But I make account of nothing , nor do I hold my life precious to myself , so that I might finish my course with joy , and the ministry which I received from the Lord Jesus , fully to testify the gospel of the grace of God .

when the king of Babylon's army fought against Jerusalem and against all the cities of Judah that remained ; against Lachish , and against Azekah ; for these fortified cities remained of the cities of Judah .
Then I separated twelve of the chiefs of the priests , Sherebiah , Hashabiah , and ten of their brothers with them .
And Arpachshad lived thirty five years and fathered Salah .
Paul said to the centurion , and to the soldiers , Unless these remain in the ship , you cannot be saved .

And the man Elkanah and all his house went up to sacrifice to Jehovah a sacrifice of the days , and to vow his vow .
Even to old age I am He ; and I will bear to gray hair ; I made , and I will carry ; and I will bear and deliver .
And it happened , when Saul had returned from after the Philistines , they told him , saying , Behold , David is in the wilderness of Engedi .
Greet Andronicus and Junias , my kinsmen and fellow prisoners , noted among the apostles , who also were in Christ before me .
Jesus said to her , Woman , believe Me that an hour is coming when you will worship the Father neither in this mountain nor in Jerusalem .
And she looked , and , behold , the king was standing by the pillar , according to the custom . And the rulers and the trumpeters were beside the king . And all the people of the land were rejoicing , and blowing with trumpets . And Athaliah tore her clothes , and cried , Treason ! Treason !

Among the vanities of the nations are there any who make rain fall ? Or can the heavens give showers ? Is it not You , O Jehovah our God ? Then we will wait for You ; for You do all these things .
even Jehovah , the God of hosts . Jehovah is his memorial .
For when they say , Peace and safety ! Then suddenly destruction comes upon them , like travail to the pregnant woman , and they shall not at all escape .
And Saul's daughter Michal loved David . And they told Saul , and the thing was right in his eyes .
Set out your wonderful loving-kindness by Your right hand , O Savior of those who trust in You , from those rising against them .
I am Jehovah your God , who has brought you out from the land of Egypt , from the house of bondage .
Your heart shall ponder terror : Where is the scribe ? Where is he weighing ? Where is he counting the towers ?
And it happened as they came in , that he saw Eliab , and said , Surely His anointed is before Jehovah .
So they shall be as the morning cloud , and as the early dew that passes away , as chaff storm driven from the threshing floor , and as the smoke out of the window .

so is a man who deceives his neighbor and says , Am I not joking ?
Therefore I say to you , All things , whatever you ask , praying , believe that you will receive , and it will be to you .
And Oholibamah bore Jeush , and Jaalam , and Korah . These were the sons of Esau who were born to him in the land of Canaan .
For the people shall live in Zion , at Jerusalem ; you shall surely cry no more . He surely will be gracious to you at the sound of your cry . When He hears , He will answer you .
and has not oppressed a man , has not withheld the pledge , and has not robbed by robbery ; he has given his bread to the hungry , and he has covered the naked with clothing ,
With the pure , You will show Yourself pure , and with the perverted You will appear perverse .
and let this clothing and horse be given into the hand of men , one of the king's most noble princes , and let them dress the man whom the king delights to honor , and cause him to ride on the horse through the street of the city , and call out before him , In this way shall be done to the man whom the king delights , in honoring him !
And it happened , in the baptizing of all the people , Jesus also being baptized , and praying , the heaven was opened ;
Can you fill his skin with barbed irons , or his head with fishing spears ?

Work is to be done six days , and in the seventh day shall be a sabbath of rest , a holy gathering ; you shall do no work ; it is a sabbath to Jehovah in all your dwellings .
And he planted a tamarisk tree in Beersheba , and there he called on the name of Jehovah the everlasting God .
As Jehovah commanded Moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai .
And Saul feared David , because Jehovah was with him , and had departed from Saul .
For it is not that there may be ease to others , but trouble to you ;
In those days , I , Daniel , was mourning three weeks of days .
For the Law was given through Moses , but grace and truth came through Jesus Christ .
And they shall make an ark of acacia wood , two and a half cubits long , and a cubit and a half wide , and a cubit and a half high .
For many are the wounded she has caused to fall ; and plentiful all her slain ones .
And every man's slave , a purchase of silver , you shall circumcise him , then he may eat of it .
And Aaron and his sons shall eat the rest . It shall be eaten with unleavened things in the holy place , in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation they shall eat it .
and not only so , but also he having been chosen by the churches as a traveling companion to us with this gift being ministered by us to the glory of the Lord Himself , and your eagerness ,
( for they shall hear of Your great name , and of Your strong hand , and of Your stretched out arm , and he shall have come in and prayed toward this house , )
And he spoke slander against your servant to my lord the king . And my lord the king is as a messenger of God ; yet you do that which is good in your eyes .
Have you brought near sacrifices and food offerings to Me forty years in the wilderness , O house of Israel ?
How can you be quiet , since Jehovah has given it a command ? He has set it there against Ashkelon , and against the seashore .
And Jehovah did according to the word of Moses , and the swarms of flies departed from Pharaoh , from his servants , and from his people ; and not one was left .
and longing to be filled from the crumbs that were falling from the table of the rich one . But coming , even the dogs licked his sores .
Then when they went up on the land , they saw a coal fire lying , and a fish lying on it , and bread .
And the waters retreated from the earth , going and retreating . And the waters diminished at the end of a hundred and fifty days .
And after Abimelech , Tola the son of Puah , the son of Dodo , a man of Issachar , rose up to save Israel . And he lived in Shamir , in the hills of Ephraim .
And Moses cried to Jehovah , saying , O God , I beg You , give healing to her , I beseech You .
O Jerusalem , cleanse your heart from evil so that you may be saved . Until when will your vain thoughts lodge within you ?
they saw , so they marveled ; they were troubled and fled away .
Then I answered them and said to them , The God of Heaven , He will prosper us , and we His servants will arise and build . But you have no portion or right or memorial in Jerusalem .
And Leah said , In my happiness ; for the daughters shall call me happy . And she called his name Asher .
And becoming deeply grieved , but because of the oaths and those reclining together , the king did not wish to reject her .
Then the king was exceedingly happy for him . And he commanded to bring up from the den . And was brought out of the den , and no harm was found on him , because he trusted in his God .
It shall be eaten in one house . You shall not carry any of the flesh outside from the house . And you shall not break a bone in it .
Let the sea roar , and the fullness of it ; let the fields rejoice , and all in them .
and that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation , and the charge of the Holy Place , and the charge of Aaron's sons , their brothers , in the service of the house of Jehovah .
And Saul died because of his trespass that he trespassed against Jehovah , against the word of Jehovah that he did not keep , and also for asking of a medium , to inquire ;
And the frogs will depart from you , and from your houses , and from your servants , and from your people . They will only be in the river .
From the south , all the land of the Canaanites , and Mearah which belongs to the Sidonians ; to Aphek , to the border of the Amorites ;
And answering , Jesus said to them , See that not any leads you astray .
And they did not understand the word which He spoke to them .
Why did the knees go before me ; or why the breasts , that I should suck ?
But if you will not listen to the voice of Jehovah , and you rebel against the mouth of Jehovah , then the hand of Jehovah shall be against you and against your fathers .
and they have lived in it , and have built in it a sanctuary to You for Your name , saying ,
You are good and do good ; teach me Your statutes .
And they cast out many demons , and anointed with oil and healed many sick ones .
And he went inside and measured the pillars of the door , two cubits . And the door was six cubits , and the width of the door , seven cubits .
and the Arabah , the Jordan and its border , from Chinnereth even to the sea of the Arabah , the Salt Sea , under the Slopes of Pisgah eastward .
Be without offense both to Jews and Greeks , and to the church of God .
And the people came in to Moses and said , We have sinned , for we have spoken against Jehovah , and against you . Pray to Jehovah , and He shall turn the serpent away from us . And Moses prayed on behalf of the people .
For if the blood of bulls and goats , and ashes of a heifer sprinkling those having been defiled , sanctifies to the purity of the flesh ,
And Jesus said to him , The foxes have holes , and the birds of the heaven have nests , but the Son of man has nowhere He may lay His head .
The sons of Senaah were three thousand , nine hundred and thirty .

And returning , the apostles told Him what things they did . And taking them He went out privately to a deserted place of a city called Bethsaida .
He said to them , But you , whom do you say Me to be ?

And Adonijah the son of Haggith came in to Bathsheba , the mother of Solomon . And she said , Do you come in peace ? And he said , Peace .
And it happened , when she prayed long before Jehovah , Eli was watching her mouth .
And , behold , I will be with you and will guard you in every place in which you may go , and will bring you back to this land ; for I will not forsake you until I have surely done that which I have spoken to you .
And immediately crying out , the father of the child said with tears , Lord , I believe ! Help my unbelief !
And on the morrow , Jesus desired to go out into Galilee . And He found Philip , and says to him , Follow me !
They who strive with Jehovah will be smashed ; He thunders in the heavens against him ; Jehovah judges the ends of the earth , and gives strength to His king , and exalts the horn of His anointed .
And going down to a city of Samaria , Philip proclaimed Christ to them .
And beyond Jordan , by Jericho , on the east of the Jordan : out of the tribe of Reuben , Bezer in the wilderness , and its open lands ; and Jahzah and its open lands ;
And I have given up the house of Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah .
And You have brought Your people Israel out of the land of Egypt with signs , and with wonders , and with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm , and with great terror .
Her cities have become a ruin , a dry land and a wilderness , a land in which no man dwells , nor does any son of man pass by it .
But at the place which He shall choose to cause His name to dwell there , you shall sacrifice the Passover offering at evening , at the going of the sun , at the time when you came out of Egypt .
Your servant Joab has done this thing to turn about the face of the matter , and my lord is wise according to the wisdom of an angel of God , to know all that is in the land .
Make the weak hands strong , and firm up the feeble knees .
And they pulled up from Jotbathah and camped in Ebronah .
Then I shall not be ashamed , when I look to all Your commands .
And the room and its door was by the pillars of the gates ; they washed the burnt offering there .
I have announced righteousness in the great assembly ; behold , I will not restrain My lips ; O Jehovah You know .
Of the sons of Gad , their generations , by their families , by their fathers' house , in the number of names , from a son of twenty years and upward , everyone able to go out to war :
for I will honor you with very much honor ; and all that you say to me I will do . And please come , curse this people for me .
And he took the team of oxen and cut them in pieces , and he sent them into all the boundary of Israel , by the hand of the messengers , saying , Whoever does not come out after Saul and after Samuel , so it shall be done to his oxen . And the fear of Jehovah fell on the people . And they came out as one man .
And Jehoshaphat and his people came to seize their plunder ; and they found among them in abundance both riches and valuable things on the corpses ; and they stripped off for themselves until there was no carrying it ; and they were three days plundering the spoil ; for it was much .
And the sons of Heth answered Abraham , saying to him ,
And Sisera fled on his feet to the tent of Jael , the wife of Heber the Kenite . For there was peace between Jabin the king of Hazor and the house of Heber the Kenite .
not that anyone has seen the Father , except the One being from God , He has seen the Father .
The heart of the prudent gets knowledge , and the ear of the wise seeks knowledge .
These will be done to you because you have whored after the nations , because you are defiled with their idols .
Indeed , O Theophilus , I made the first report concerning all things which Jesus began both to do and to teach ,

And it happened , when the king of Ai saw , the men of the city rose early and hurried to go out to meet Israel in battle , he and all his people at the appointed time before the plain . He did not know that an ambush was against him behind the city .
Do not speak in the ears of a fool , for he will despise the good sense of your words .
There was not a city that made peace with the sons of Israel except the Hivites , inhabitants of Gibeon . They took all in battle .
And he shall bring out of it one of every offering , a heave offering to Jehovah , to the priest sprinkling the blood of the peace offering ; it is his .
His breath will go out , he returns to the earth ; his thoughts perish in that day .
And the Levites rose up : Mahath the son of Amasai , and Joel the son of Azariah , of the sons of the Kohathites ; and of the sons of Merari , Kish the son of Abdi , and Azariah the son of Jehalelel ; and of the Gershonites , Joah the son of Zimmah , and Eden the son of Joah ;
and who had suffered many things by many physicians , and had spent all things that she had , and gaining nothing , but rather coming to worse ,
And the Angel of Jehovah called to him from the heavens and said , Abraham ! And he said , Behold me .
And he refused , and said , I will not eat . But his servants forced him , and the woman also . And he listened to their voices and rose from the earth and sat on the bed .
You renew Your witnesses against me , and increase Your anger with me ; changes and warfare are with me .
The righteous cry , and Jehovah hears , and saves them out of all their distresses .
Blessed is the man who endures temptation , because having been approved he will receive the crown of life which the Lord promised to the ones loving Him .
Maharai the Netophathite , Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite ,
But let justice roll down like waters , and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream .
For perhaps for this he was separated for an hour , that you might receive him eternally ;
Eliel the Mahavite , and Jeribai and Joshaviah , sons of Elnaam , and Ithmah the Moabite ,
Go back to your house and tell what God did to you . And he went away proclaiming through all the city what things Jesus did to him .
So I will return and take My grain in its time , and My wine in its season . And I will take back My wool and My flax she uses to cover her nakedness .
And the lyre and the harp , the timbrel and flute , and wine are at their feasts ; but they do not regard the work of Jehovah ; yea , they do not see the work of His hands .
Then they said to Him , Then what miracle do you do that we may see and may believe you ? What do you work ?
And Moses called to all Israel , and said to them , You have seen all that Jehovah did before your eyes in the land of Egypt , to Pharaoh and to all his servants , and to all his land .
And Judas and Silas , themselves also being prophets , exhorted the brothers through much speech , and confirmed them .
And assembling the workmen about such things , he said , Men , you understand that from this trade is our wealth .


Have the gods of the nations at all delivered each his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria ?
They did not see each one his brother , and they did not rise up , each one from his place for three days . Yet to all the sons of Israel there was light in their dwellings .
And the near kinsman said , I am not able to redeem for myself , that I not mar my own inheritance . You redeem for yourself my right of redemption , for I am not able to redeem .
The wicked shall be a ransom for the just , and the treacherous in the place of the upright .
And answering Simon said , You petition to the Lord for me , so that nothing of which you have spoken may come on me .
But concerning what you wrote to me , it is good for a man not to touch a woman ;
And you shall sanctify them , and they shall become most holy ; everything touching them shall become holy .
And out of the tribe of Asher , Mishal and its open lands , Abdon and its open lands ,
Sixty of them are queens , and eighty concubines , and virgins without number .
Chief Dishon , Chief Ezer , Chief Dishan . These were the chiefs of the Horites , according to their chiefs in the land of Seir .
Then the work of the house of God in Jerusalem stopped . So it ceased until the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia .
And Moses and the elders of Israel commanded the people , saying , Keep all the commands which I am commanding you today ,
And He spoke a parable to them : You see the fig tree and all the trees .
Do not be afraid when one becomes rich , when the glory of his house increases ;
All the gold used was for the work , in all the work of the sanctuary ; and it was the gold of the wave offering , twenty nine talents and seven hundred and thirty shekels , by the shekel of the sanctuary .

spoke and said , In my vision by night I was looking . And , behold , the four winds of the heavens were stirring up the Great Sea .
And they came in and spoke to Jehoshaphat , saying , A great multitude has come against you from beyond the sea , from Syria ; and , behold , they are in Hazazon-tamar , which is En-gedi .
to cause the cry of the poor to come to Him . For He hears the cry of the afflicted .
Your fathers , where are they ? And the prophets , do they live forever ?
And Moses took them off their hands and burned them with incense on the altar , on the burnt offering ; they are consecrations for soothing fragrance ; it is a fire offering to Jehovah .


And he came to the ram with two horns which I had seen standing before the canal . And he ran to it in the fury of his power .
And he shall sprinkle on it from the blood with his finger seven times , and shall cleanse it , and shall purify it from the uncleannesses of the sons of Israel .
And the sons of Israel cried to Jehovah , for he had nine hundred chariots of iron . And he mightily oppressed the sons of Israel twenty years .
to bring Vashti the queen before the king with the royal crown , in order to make known to the people and the princes her beauty . For she was beautiful to look upon .
And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of Jehovah to its place , to the holy place of the house , into the Holy of Holies , to the place of the wings of the cherubs ;
And the living creatures kept running and returning , like the appearance of a flash of lightning .
And you shall take Aaron and his sons to the door of the tabernacle of congregation . And you shall wash them in water .
The king shall mourn , and the ruler shall be clothed with despair . And the hands of the people of the land shall be terrified . According to their way , I will do to them , and according to their judgments , I will judge them . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .

Amariah , Malluch , Hattush ,
The Stone which the builders rejected has become the Head of the corner .
And He went up to them into the boat , and the wind was cut off . And they were amazed , exceedingly beyond measure within themselves , and marveled .

My breath is strange to my wife , and I must beg to the sons of my mother's womb .
And the hand of Jehovah was on me in the evening before the escaped one came . And He had opened my mouth until that one came in the morning . And my mouth was opened , and I was no longer dumb .
in those days when king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom in Shushan the palace ,
And Moses commanded , and they caused it to be voiced in the camp , saying , Let neither man nor woman make any more offering for the sanctuary ; and the people were held back from bringing .
He also fought with the king of the sons of Ammon , and . prevailed over them . And the sons of Ammon gave to him in that year a hundred talents of silver , and ten thousand kors of wheat , and ten thousand of barley ; this the sons of Ammon turned over to him in the second year and in the third .
But if you still do evilly , both you and your king will be swept away .
And My servant Caleb , because there is another spirit in him , and he is fully following Me , I shall bring him into the land into which he has gone , and his seed shall possess it .
And Pharaoh said to Jacob , How many are the days of the years of your life ?
And even as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness , so must the Son of man be lifted up ,
And Pharaoh-necho made Eliakim the son of Josiah to reign instead of Josiah his father , and turned his name into Jehoiakim ; and he took away Jehoahaz , and he came to Egypt and died there .
Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ has been born of God . And everyone who loves Him who begets also loves the one who has been born of Him .
And he said to them , Go ; yet in three days come back to me . And the people went .

If anyone does not love the Lord Jesus Christ , let him be a curse . The Lord comes !
And the Angel of Jehovah said to her , Behold ! You are with child and shall bear a son ; and you shall call his name Ishmael , because Jehovah has attended to your affliction .
For if you turn away from following Him , He will yet again leave them in the wilderness ; and so you will hurt all this people .
I sought Jehovah , and He answered me , and delivered me out of all my fear .
Then they said to Him , What may we do that we may work the works of God ?
For even your brothers and the house of your father , even they have dealt treacherously with you ; even they have fully called after you . Do not believe them , though they speak good things to you .
When you shall lay siege to a city many days , to fight against it , to capture it , you shall not destroy its trees in order to force an axe against them . For you shall eat of them , and you shall not cut them down , for is the tree of the field a man that it should be used by you to lay siege ?
And Balaam saw that it pleased Jehovah to bless Israel , and he did not go , as at other times to seek spells . And he set his face toward the wilderness .
I will answer your words , and your friends with you .
The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ , the Son of God ,

The Levites in the days of Eliashib , Joiada , and Johanan , and Jaddua , were written rulers of the fathers ; also the priests until the reign of Darius the Persian .
Vanity of vanities , says the preacher , all is vanity .
And you shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead ; and you shall not put on yourself any etched mark ; I am Jehovah .
And also their rims were high to them , even awesome to them . And their rims were full of eyes all around the four of them .
And he measured the house , a hundred cubits long . And the separate area and the building and its wall were a hundred cubits long .
And he consulted with the people , and appointed singers to Jehovah , and those giving praise to the glory of holiness , when going out before those armed , and said , Give thanks to Jehovah , for His mercy endures forever .
And you came into this place , and Sihon the king of Heshbon , and Og the king of Bashan , came out to meet us , to battle . And we struck them ,
He led them out as far as to Bethany . And lifting up His hands , He blessed them .
And the sons of Israel mourned Moses in the plains of Moab thirty days . And the days of weeping and mourning for Moses were ended .
You are My witnesses , says Jehovah ; and My servant whom I have chosen ; that you may know and believe Me , and understand that I am He . Before Me there was no God formed ; nor shall any be after Me .
treasuring up for themselves a good foundation for the coming age , that they may lay hold on everlasting life .
and their food offering , flour mixed with oil . You shall prepare three tenths parts for a bullock , and two tenths parts for a ram .
The word of Jehovah that was to of Moresheth in the days of Jotham , Ahaz , and Hezekiah , kings of Judah , which he saw on Samaria and Jerusalem :


And it shall be , you shall drink of the torrent ; and I shall command the ravens to feed you there .
and said to the judges , Watch what you are doing , for you shall not judge for man , but for Jehovah , and He is with you in the matter of judgment ;
and captured it on that day , and struck it with the mouth of the sword . And he destroyed every person in it on that day , according to all that he did to Lachish .

But if you also marry , you do not sin . And if the virgin marries , she does not sin . But such will have trouble in the flesh . But I am sparing you .
Any that divides the hoof and is wholly clovenfooted , bringing up the cud , among the living things , you may eat it .
And I Will cut off the chariot from Ephraim and the horse from Jerusalem . And the battle bow shall be cut off , and He shall speak peace to the nations . And His dominion shall be from sea to sea , and from the River to the ends of the earth .
nor will they say , Lo , here ! Or , Lo , there ! For behold the kingdom of God is in your midst .
To the chief musician , for eight-stringed instruments . A Psalm of David O Jehovah , do not rebuke me in Your anger ; nor chasten me in the heat of Your fury ;

I remembered Your judgments from of old , O Jehovah , and I take comfort .
And I appeared to Abraham , to Isaac and to Jacob as God Almighty , and by My name JEHOVAH I never made Myself known to them .
But answering , Jesus said to him , Allow it now , for it is becoming to us this way to fulfill all righteousness . Then he allowed Him .
Behold ! Rebekah is before you , take her and go . And let her become the wife of the son of your master , as Jehovah has spoken .
And I will take the remnant of Judah who have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt , to reside there ; and they shall all be consumed and fall in the land of Egypt . They shall be consumed by the sword , and by the famine . They shall die , from the least even to the greatest , by the sword , and by the famine , and they shall be a curse , a horror , and a shame , and a reproach .

I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord ! So then I myself with the mind truly serve the law of God , and with the flesh the law of sin .
Only , we plundered the cattle for ourselves , and we took the plunder of the cities .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
For where your treasure is , there your heart will be also .

And see and know of all the hiding places where he hides himself . And you shall return to me ready , and I shall go with you , and it shall be , if he is in the land , that I shall search him out through all the thousands of Judah .
But having called near His disciples , Jesus said , I am filled with pity on the crowd , because they already have remained with Me three days and have nothing they may eat . And I do not desire to send them away fasting , that they may not faint in the way .

And He said , I have sworn by Myself , declares Jehovah , that on account of this thing you have done , and not have withheld your son , your only son ,

all the inhabitants of the hills , from Lebanon to the burning waters ; all the Sidonians ; I will expel them before the sons of Israel : Only , cause it to fall to Israel for an inheritance , as I have commanded you .
And said to take back to Mordecai ,
Hatred stirs up fights , but love covers all transgressions .
and Zelah , Eleph , and Jebusi , which is Jerusalem , Gibeath , and Kirjath ; fourteen cities and their villages . This is the inheritance of the sons of Benjamin , by their families .
And the sons of Israel rose up in the morning and camped against Gibeah .
For you have had five husbands , and now he whom you have is not your husband . You have spoken this truly .
And He taught them many things in parables , and said to them in His teaching :
And Saul said to his servants , Seek out for me a woman possessing a familiar spirit a medium , and I will go to her and inquire of her . And his servants said to him , Behold , a woman , a possessor of a familiar spirit , is in Endor .
So He does to you , Bethel , because of your great evil . In the dawn , the king of Israel shall be completely cut off .
To the chief musician , A Psalm for the Sons of Korah . Hear this all peoples listen , all inhabitants of the world .

Create in me a clean heart , O God ; and renew a steadfast spirit within me .
And you shall prepare a lamb in the day you wave the sheaf , a perfect one , a son of a year , for a burnt offering to Jehovah .
And the king said to Ittai the Gittite , Why do you go , even you with us ? Turn back and remain with the king , for you are an alien , and also you are an exile . Go to your place .
" and make straight tracks for your feet , " that the lame not be turned aside , but rather healed .
And he sought out Ahaziah , and they captured him ( and he was hiding himself in Samaria ) and brought him to Jehu , and put him to death , and buried him ; for they said , He is the son of Jehoshaphat , who sought Jehovah with all his heart . And there was none in the house of Ahaziah to retain power for the kingdom .
Then seeing that he was mocked by the wise men , Herod was greatly enraged , and having sent , he killed all the boys in Bethlehem and in all its districts , from two years old and under , according to the time which he exactly asked from the wise men .

And if his hand has not found enough to give back to him , then the thing he sold shall be in the hand of him who buys it until the year of jubilee . And it shall go out in the jubilee , and he shall return to his possession .
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the sons of Asher according to their families , these cities and their villages .

And it happened in the thirty seventh year of the captivity of Jehoiachin the king of Judah , in the twelfth month , in the twenty seventh of the month , Evil-merodach the king of Babylon , in the year he began to reign , lifted up the head of Jehoiachin the king of Judah out of the prison ,

And the sons of Dan said to him , Do not let your voice be heard among us , that men bitter in soul not fall on you , and you lose your life , and the lives of your household .
And God will wipe away every tear from their eyes . And death shall be no longer , nor mourning , nor outcry , nor pain will be any longer ; for the first things passed away .
At that moment fingers of a man's hand came out and wrote on the plaster of the wall of the king's palace across from the lampstand . And the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
for trouble from God is a terror to me , and I could not do the thing because of His majesty .

And when He had completed all His words in the ears of the people , He went into Capernaum .
So says Jehovah the God of Israel , I said indeed that your house and your father's house should walk before Me until forever . But now Jehovah says , Be it far from Me ! For those who honor Me , I will honor ; and those despising Me will be despicable .
And Hushai said to Zadok and to Abiathar , the priests , Ahithophel has counseled this and this to Absalom and the elders of Israel . And I have counseled this and this .
Truly I say to you , It will be more bearable to the land of Sodom and Gomorrah in Judgment Day than for that city .
For I am Jehovah your God , and you have sanctified yourselves , and you have become holy , for I am holy . And you shall not defile your persons with any swarming thing which creeps on the earth ;
By what things she glorified herself , and luxuriated , by so much give back to her torment and mourning . Because she says in her heart , I sit as a queen , and I am not a widow ; and I do not see mourning at all .
And you shall put it under the ledge of the altar from beneath . And the net shall be as far as half of the altar .

While we are , our eyes fail for our vain help . In our watching , we have watched for a nation ; it does not save .
For so says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I will bring on Tyre from the north , Nebuchadnezzar , king of Babylon , a king of kings , with horses and with chariots and with a company of horsemen , even many people .
And Hezekiah lay with his fathers , and they buried him in the uppermost of the graves of the sons of David ; and all Judah and the people of Jerusalem honored him at his death . And his son Manasseh reigned in his place .
The God of our fathers raised up Jesus , whom you seized , hanging Him on a tree .
And you shall take these ten cuttings of cheese to the commander of the thousand , and you shall visit your brothers , as to how they fare . And you shall bring their token .
For God did not give a spirit of cowardice to us , but of power and of love , and of self-control .
And it shall be , if you carefully listen to me , says Jehovah , to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day , but keep the sabbath day holy , to do no work in it ,
They did not destroy the peoples , as Jehovah said to them ,

And the side rooms were a side room over a side room , three stories , and thirty times . And they entered the wall of the house for the side rooms all around , that they may be fastened . But they were not fastened in the wall of the house .
Your God has commanded your strength ; O God , be strong , in this that You have worked out for us .
But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness , and all these things will be added to you .
The sons of Gibbar , ninety five .
Son of man , lift up a lament over the king of Tyre , and say to him , So says the Lord Jehovah : You seal the measure , full of wisdom and perfect in beauty .
that having laid a foundation , and not having strength to finish , all those seeing begin to mock him ,
But they were disobedient , and rebelled against You , and cast Your law behind their backs . And they killed Your prophets who testified against them , to turn them to You . And they worked great blasphemies .
and you shall be on guard that you not forget Jehovah who brought you out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of slaves .

You changed to be cruel to me ; You assault me with the might of Your hand ;
And Egypt shall have no work that the head or the tail , the branch or rush , may do .
And another came , saying , Lord , behold your mina which I had kept in a handkerchief .
And Zedekiah the king said to Jeremiah , I am afraid of the Jews who have fallen to the Chaldeans , lest they deliver me to their hand and they abuse me .
And He said , So is the kingdom of God , as if a man should cast seed on the earth ,
May it whirl about the head of Joab , and on all his father's house ; and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that has an issue , or that is a leper , or that leans on a staff , or who falls by the sword , or that lacks bread !
So says Jehovah of Hosts , The broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly laid bare , and her high gates shall be burned with fire . And the peoples shall labor as for vanity , and the peoples as for fire ; and they shall be weary .
so no inheritance of the sons of Israel shall turn from tribe to tribe , for each one of the sons of Israel shall cling to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers .
Yet in this thing you are not believing in Jehovah your God ,
Yet he does not purpose this , nor does his heart think so . For it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
And you shall take them from their hands , and you shall burn the burnt offering on the altar for a soothing fragrance before the face of Jehovah ; it is a fire offering to Jehovah .
Awake , harp and lyre ! I will awake early ;
For we have much joy and encouragement over your love , in that the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through you , brother .
And the sons of Israel committed a sin in the cursed thing . And Achan , the son of Carmi , the son of Zabdi , the son of Zerah , of the tribe of Judah took the cursed thing . And the anger of Jehovah glowed against the sons of Israel .
But entering into the house , greet it ;
And he removed Judah's covering ; and you looked in that day to the armor of the house of the forest .
Before his day it shall be fulfilled , and his branch shall not be green ;
And Moses and Eleazar the priest spoke with them in the plains of Moab beside Jordan , at Jericho , saying ,
Their appearance is like horses ; and as war horses , so they run .
And Jehovah shall be known to Egypt . Egypt shall know Jehovah in that day . And they shall offer sacrifice and offering , and vow a vow to Jehovah , and repay it .
Jetur , Naphish , and Kedemah . These are they , the sons of Ishmael .
who will pay the penalty : everlasting destruction from the face of the Lord , " and from the glory of His strength , "

For to which of the angels did He ever say , " You are My Son ; today I have begotten You " ? And again , " I will be a Father to Him , and He shall be a Son to Me . "
I am Jehovah ; I shall spoken . I shall do this to all this evil company who are gathered together against Me . They shall be brought to an end in this wilderness , and there they shall die .
For the Lord had caused the Syrian army to hear a sound of chariots , and a sound of horses , and a sound of a great army . And they said to one another , Behold , the king of Israel has hired the kings of the Hittites against us , and the kings of Egypt , to come against us .
And they took Joseph's tunic , and killed a ram of the goats , and dipped the tunic in the blood .
And he said to them , Men , Israelites , take heed to yourselves what you intend to do on these men .
to declare the name of Jehovah in Zion , and His praise in Jerusalem ;
And he said , If the Syrians are stronger than I , then you shall be for me ; and if the sons of Ammon are stronger than you , then I will come to help you .
And you shall eat it this way : with your loins girded , your sandals on your feet , and your staff in your hand . And you shall eat it in haste . It is the Passover to Jehovah .
And there was a battle again in Gath ; and a man of stature was there , and his fingers and toes were six and six , twenty four ; and also he had been born to the giant .
And seven brothers were with us . And having married , the first expired , and not having seed left his wife to his brother .
Yea , you do away with fear , and take away devotion before God .
The way of a fool is right in his own eyes , but he who listens to advice is wise .
How much better to get wisdom than gold ! And to get understanding is to be chosen above silver .
You are near , O Jehovah , and all Your commands are truth .
Listen carefully to my words , and let what I say be in your ears ;
And He went up into the mountain , and He called near whom He desired . And they went to Him .
So I will do this to you , O Israel : Because of this I will do to you , prepare to meet your God , O Israel .
Jehovah has spoken concerning you , O remnant of Judah . Do not go into Egypt . Know that I have surely testified against you today .
Then Hezekiah said to Isaiah , The word of Jehovah that you have said is good . And he said , For there shall be peace and truth in my days .
Because You have made a heap from a city , a fortified city into a ruin ; a citadel of foreigners not to be a city , not to be built , to forever .
For our citizenship is in Heaven , from where we also wait for a Savior , the Lord Jesus Christ ,
And they were not able to reply to Him against these things .
And the priest shall take the boiled shoulder from the ram , and one unleavened cake out of the basket , and one unleavened wafer , and shall put them on the palms of the Nazarite after he has shaved his separation .
And anything on which any one of them falls in their death is unclean , whether of any vessel of wood , or garment , or skin , or sack ; any vessel in which work is done shall be caused to go into water , and shall be unclean until the evening ; then it shall be cleaned .
knowing brothers , beloved by God , your election .
And I , when I came from Padan , Rachel died on me in the land of Canaan in the way , with only a little way to come to Ephrath . And I buried her there in the way to Ephrath , it being Bethlehem .
but when water is put on the seed , and any of its dead body has fallen on it , it shall be unclean to you .
As for the leaders of those around me , let the evil of their own lips cover them .
And now listen to their voice . Only , you shall surely protest to them , and shall declare to them the privilege of the king who shall reign over them .
And now you are saying , Go , say to your lord , Behold , Elijah , and he will kill me !
of the gods of the people around you , those near you or far off from you , from one end of the earth even to the other end of the earth ,
And all Israel gathered to David , to Hebron , saying , Behold , we are your bone and your flesh .
And the Lord said , Hear what the unrighteous judge says ;
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah ; he did not turn aside from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who caused Israel to sin , all his days .
the Lord laughs at him , for He sees that his day is coming .
And Jehovah took me from behind the flock , and Jehovah said to me , Go , prophesy to My people Israel .
For I am also a man under authority , having soldiers under myself . And I say to this one , Go ; and he goes ; and to another , Come ; and he comes ; and to my slave , Do this ; and he does it .

then they came to Zerubbabel and to the head of the fathers and said to them , Let us build with you , for we seek your God , as you . And we have not sacrificed to Him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assyria , who brought us up here .

Let nobles be brought out of Egypt ; Ethiopia shall run up her hands to God .
and Moza fathered Binea ; and Rephaiah was his son ; Eleasah , his son ; Azel , his son .
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your son's daughter , or your daughter's daughter ; you shall not uncover their nakedness , for theirs is your own nakedness .
and to Apphia the beloved , and to Archippus our fellow-soldier , and to the church in your house :
For David said as to Him , " I always foresaw the Lord before Me , because He is at My right hand , that I not be moved .
but on the contrary , seeing that I have been entrusted with the gospel of the uncircumcision , even as Peter to the circumcision ,
Then I said , Until when , O Lord ? And He said , Until cities lie desolate without inhabitant , and the houses without man , and the land is laid waste , a desolation ;
Even now , behold ! My witness is in Heaven ; and He who testifies of me is on high .
Jehovah is delighted for His righteousness' sake ; He will magnify the Law and make it honorable .
and Michael , and Ispah , and Joha , the sons of Beriah ,
Therefore , command that the grave be secured until the third day , that his disciples may not come by night and steal him away , and may say to the people , He is raised from the dead . And the last deception will be worse than the first .
For the enemy has pursued my soul ; he has beaten my life to the ground ; he has made me dwell in darkness like the dead of old .
So says Jehovah : I have returned to Zion , and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem . And Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth , and the mountain of Jehovah of hosts , the holy mountain .
And dwelt in the court of the guardhouse until the day Jerusalem was captured . And he was there when Jerusalem was captured .
Shemaiah , and Joiarib , Jedaiah ,

And after these things , as four hundred and fifty years passed , He gave judges until Samuel the prophet .
And this is yours , the heave offering of their gift with all the wave offerings of the sons of Israel . I have given them to you , and to your sons , and to your daughters with you , by a never ending statute ; every clean one in your house shall eat it .
And Joab said , I will not wait this wait before you . And he took three darts in his hand and struck them into Absalom's heart while he was alive , in the midst of the oak .

And his brothers and all his father's house came down and lifted him up and brought him up . And they buried him between Zorah and Eshtaol , in the burying place of his father Manoah . And he judged Israel twenty years .
For I say to you , If your righteousness shall not exceed that of the scribes and Pharisees , in no way shall you go into the kingdom of Heaven .


And Bela's sons were Ard and Naaman . Of Ard , the family of the Ardites ; of Naaman the family of the Naamites .
And a certain man was in Maon , and his work was in Carmel . And the man was very great , and there were three thousand sheep and a thousand goats to him . And he was shearing his flock in Carmel .
In those days , and at that time , I will cause a Branch of righteousness to grow up to David . And He shall do judgment and righteousness in the land .

And when he was afflicted , he sought the face of Jehovah his God , and was humbled exceedingly before the face of the God of his fathers ;

And Jehovah said to Joshua , Do not fear , nor be afraid . Take all the people of war with you , and rise up , go up to Ai . Behold , I have given the king of Ai , and his people , and his city , and his land into your hand .
And standing still , Jesus commanded him to be brought to Him . And he drawing near , He asked him ,
And laying on them many stripes , they threw them into prison , charging the jailer to keep them securely ,
And no guile was found in their mouth , for they are without blemish before the throne of God .

Do not be led astray ; bad companionships ruin good habits .

And the watchman called and told the king . And the king said , If he is by himself , tidings are in his mouth . And he came , coming on , and drawing near .
and Hadoram , and Uzal , and Diklah ,
And they shall say , Because they have forsaken Jehovah their God , who brought their fathers out from the land of Egypt , and they laid hold on other gods and bowed themselves to them and served them . On account of this Jehovah has brought in upon them all this evil .
And it came about that men began to multiply on the face of the earth , and daughters were born to them .
Then being filled of the Holy Spirit , Peter said to them , Rulers of the people and elders of Israel ,
Let the husband give due kindness to the wife , and likewise the wife also to the husband .
And the men did so . And they took two suckling cows and tied them to the cart . And they shut their young ones in the house .
And Jehovah said to Samuel , Do not look on his appearance , nor to the height of his stature , for I have rejected him . For man does not see what He sees . For man looks for the eyes , but Jehovah looks for the heart .
O Lord , I beg You , let Your ear be open to the prayer of Your servant , and to the prayer of Your servants who delight to fear Your name . And I beg You , bless Your servant today and grant him mercy before this man . For I was cupbearer to the king .
Jehovah shall cause your enemies that rise up against you to be stricken before your face . They shall come out against you one way , and flee before you seven ways .
For since death is through man , also through a Man is a resurrection of the dead ;
Be prepared ; yea , prepared for yourself , you and all your assembly that are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .

And Micah said to him , Live with me , and be a father and a priest to me . I will give you ten silver pieces for the days , and an order of garments , and your upkeep . And the Levite went in .
And the sabbath passing , Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of James and Salome , bought spices , so that coming they might anoint Him .

And Moses said , You must also give into our hands sacrifices and burnt offerings so that we may prepare for Jehovah our God .
And remember that you were a slave in the land of Egypt , and Jehovah your God brought you out from there by a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm . On account of this Jehovah your God has commanded you to keep the sabbath day .
The words of Agur the son of Jakeh , the burden : The man spoke to Ithiel , even to Ithiel and Ucal , saying ,
And the seventh angel trumpeted . And there were great voices in Heaven , saying , The kingdoms of the world became our Lord's , even of His Christ ; and He shall reign forever and ever .
Nicodemus said to them , the one coming by night to Him , being one of themselves ,
And there being much fasting , then standing up in their midst , Paul said , Truly , O men , being obedient to me you ought not to have set sail from Crete , and to have come by this injury and loss .
He was that Benaiah who was mighty among the thirty , and above the thirty ; and in his division was his son Ammizabad .
Say to God , How fearful are Your works ! Through the greatness of Your power , Your enemies pretend obedience to You .
To whom I have assigned the desert for his home , and the salt land for his dwellings ?
And they gave them Shechem and its open land in Mount Ephraim as a city of refuge for the manslayer , and Gezer and its open lands ,
And they shall take of your sons who shall issue from you , which you shall father ; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon .
And before the Feast of the Passover , Jesus knowing that His hour had come that He should move from this world to the Father , loving His own in the world , He loved them to the end .
And I turned and came down from the mountain , and the mountain was burning with fire , and the two tablets of the covenant were in my two hands ;
And He said , My presence will go with you , and I will give you rest .
Hear , then , O Israel , and take heed to do it , that it may be well with you , that you may increase mightily , as Jehovah the God of your fathers has promised you , in the land flowing with milk and honey .
And king David sent to Zadok and Abiathar the priests , saying , Speak to the elders of Judah , saying , Why are you the last to bring back the king to his house ? For the word of all Israel had come to the king , to his house .
Then when Martha heard that Jesus is coming , she met Him ; but Mary was sitting in the house .
and her father has heard her vow , and her bond with which she has bound her soul , and her father has remained silent as to her , then all her vows shall stand ; and every bond with which she has bound her soul shall stand .
Those who came out of the captivity of the sons of exile offered burnt offerings to the God of Israel : twelve young bulls for all Israel , ninety six rams , seventy seven lambs , twelve he goats for a sin offering . All was a burnt offering to Jehovah .

And you shall set them in two rows , six on a row on the pure table before Jehovah .
There is Meshech , Tubal , and all her multitude . All around him are her graves , all of them uncircumcised , slain by the sword , though they gave their terror in the land of the living .
And every man of Israel went up from following David , going after Sheba the son of Bichri . But the men of Judah clung to their king , from the Jordan even to Jerusalem .
Blessed is the man who trusts in Jehovah , and Jehovah is his trust .
And Rehoboam lay with his fathers , and was buried in the city of David . And his son Abijah reigned in his place .
The prophets prophesy falsely , and the priests bear rule by their hands ; and My people love it so . And what will you do at the end of it ?
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Elizur the son of Shedeur .
" casting all your anxiety onto Him , " because it matters to Him concerning you .
I made pools of water for myself ; to water from them the forest shooting forth trees ;

In the place where they kill the burnt offering , they shall kill the guilt offering , and its blood shall be sprinkled on the altar all around .
You shall do according to the mouth of the law which they direct you , and according to the judgment which they deliver to you . You shall not turn aside from the word which they declare to you , right or left .

My Lord , all my desire is before You , and my sighing is not hidden from You .
And Moses brought Aaron and his sons , and bathed them in water ,
And the officers shall speak further to the people , and say , Who is the man who is afraid , and faint of heart ? Let him go and return to his house ; then the heart of his brothers will not melt like his heart .
In those days , while Mordecai sat in the king's gate , two of the king's eunuchs , Bigthan and Teresh , of those who guarded the threshold , were angry , and sought to stretch out a hand against king Ahasuerus .
And the great dragon was cast out , the old serpent being called Devil , and , Satan ; he deceiving the whole habitable world was cast out onto the earth , and his angels were cast out with him .
For , behold , Jehovah comes out of His place to visit his iniquity on the dweller of the earth . The earth shall also reveal her blood , and shall no more cover over her slain ones .
And the sons of Israel ate the manna forty years , until their coming into an inhabited land . They ate the manna until their coming to the border of the land of Canaan .
And when Jehovah raised up judges to them , then Jehovah was with the judge , and rescued them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge . For Jehovah took pity because of their groaning before their oppressors , and those that crushed them .

And the statute of oil , the bath of oil , the tenth of the bath out of the cor ; ( ten baths , a homer , for ten baths are a homer ) ;
you shall sell me food for silver , and I shall eat ; and you shall give me water for silver , and I will drink . Only , let me pass through on my feet ,
And said to Zedekiah , So says Jehovah , the God of Hosts , the God of Israel : If going out you will go out to the rulers of the king of Babylon , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire . And you and your house shall live .
But many years You had patience with them , and testified against them by Your Spirit , by Your prophets . Yet they would not give ear . And You gave them into the hand of the peoples of the lands .
And his son Jehoshaphat reigned in his place . And he made himself strong against Israel .
He restrains the floods from overflowing ; and He brings the hidden thing to light .
I will even betroth you to Me in faithfulness . And you shall know Jehovah .
And the bronze of the wave offering was seventy talents and two thousand and four hundred shekels .
And his leader shall be from him , and his ruler shall come from among him . And I will cause him to draw near , and he shall approach Me . For who is he who pledged his heart to come near to Me , says Jehovah ?
He sets an end to darkness , and to every extremity He searches out a stone of darkness and death-shade .
And over the army of the tribe of the sons of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar .
And My soul is troubled , and what may I say ? Father , save Me out of this hour ? But on this account I came to this hour .
All who know you among the peoples shall be appalled at you . You shall be terrors , and you will not be forever .
And now send men to Joppa and call for Simon who is surnamed Peter .
And all things , whatever you may ask in prayer , believing , you shall receive .
from Harim was Adna ; from Meraioth was Helkai ;

so that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his sons that he shall eat , because he has nothing left to him in the siege , and in the anguish with which your enemies shall distress you in all your gates .


Who is she who looks down like the dawn , beautiful as the moon , clear as the sun , awesome as bannered armies ?
And they killed the oxen , and the priests received the blood , and sprinkled the blood on the altar . And they killed the rams , and sprinkled the blood on the altar . And they killed the lambs and sprinkled the blood on the altar .
And all the inhabitants of the earth are counted as nothing . And He does according to His will among the army of Heaven , and among the inhabitants of the earth . And no one is able to strike His hand or say to Him , What are You doing ?

and Og , the king of Bashan ; for His mercy endures forever ;
And you shall keep His statutes and His commandments which I am commanding you today , so that it maybe well with you , and with your sons after you , and so that you may prolong your days on the earth , which Jehovah our God is giving to you all the days .
But know this , that if the housemaster had known in what watch the thief comes , he would have watched and not have allowed his house to be dug through .
So you shall say to him , Jehovah says this : Behold , I am tearing down what I have built ; and I am pulling up what I have planted , even all the land itself to Me .
And you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean . And afterwards you shall come into the camp .
For he shall be great in the eyes of the Lord , and he shall not drink wine or strong drink . And he will be filled of the Holy Spirit , even from his mother's womb .
And they had hairs like the hairs of women ; and their teeth were like those of lions .
And I will make them strong in Jehovah , and they shall walk up and down in His name , says Jehovah .
These are the generations of Shem : Shem was a son of a hundred years and fathered Arpachshad two years after the flood .

You shall not be afraid of them , for Jehovah your God is among you , a mighty and fearful God .
The message the king sent to Rehum the master of counsel , and to Shimshai the scribe , and to the rest of their associates who dwell in Samaria , and to the rest Beyond the River : Peace ! And now ,
Therefore , say to the sons of Israel , I am Jehovah , and I will bring you out from under the burdens of Egypt , and will deliver you from their slavery . And I will redeem you with an outstretched arm and with great judgments .
And Jacob came in from the field at evening . And Leah went out to meet him . And she said , You must come in to me , for surely I have hired you with my son's love-apples . And he lay with her during that night .
And when they drew near to Jerusalem and came to Bethphage , toward the Mount of Olives , then Jesus sent two disciples ,
Son of man , you dwell in the midst of a rebellious house . They have eyes to see , but they do not see ; they have ears to hear , but they do not hear ; for they are a rebellious house .

For Your name's sake , O Jehovah , even pardon my iniquity for it is great .
When the righteous rejoice , great is the glory , but when the wicked rise , a man will be sought for .
Hear this word which I am lifting up against you , a dirge , O house of Israel .
A little one shall become a thousand and a small one a strong nation . I , Jehovah , will hasten it in its time .
As to the sons of Israel , those living in the cities of Judah , Rehoboam reigned over them .
For if I pray in a tongue , my spirit prays , but my mind is unfruitful .
By number , or by weight of all , and all the weight was written at that time .
And you shall do kindness to your servant , for you have brought your servant with you into a covenant of Jehovah . And if there is iniquity in me , you kill me . For why is this , that you bring me to your father ?
Woe to those touching house to house , bringing near field to field until the end of space , and you are made to dwell alone in the middle of the land !
But the things which come out of the mouth come forth from the heart , and these defile the man .
Behold ! I will rain very grievous hail about this time tomorrow , such as has never been in Egypt from the day of its foundation until now .
And they buried him , and all Israel mourned for him , according to the word of Jehovah that He spoke by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet .
the form of any animal in the earth ; the form of any winged bird that flies in the heavens ;
And turning to them , Jesus said , Daughters of Jerusalem , do not weep over Me , but weep over yourselves and over your children .

Distress and pain terrify him ; they shall overpower him , as a king ready for the attack ;
And Jehovah gave favor in the eyes of the Egyptians toward the people . And the man Moses was very great in the land of Egypt , in the eyes of the servants of Pharaoh , and in the eyes of the people .
Make room for us . We wronged no one , we corrupted no one , we overreached no one .

Rise up and go down to the potter's house , and there I will cause you to hear My words .
We are of old ; You never ruled over them . Your name was never called on them .
Then you shall say to them , I was presenting my plea before the king , that he should not return me to the house of Jonathan , to die there .
because of the truth remaining among us , and will be with us forever .
Then the rest of the people who remained in the city , and those who fell away , who fell to him , even the rest of the people who remained , Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , exiled to Babylon .
And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh : Iru , Elah , and Naam . And Elah's son was Kenaz .
and Chephar-haammonai , and Ophni and Gaba ; twelve cities and their villages ;
But being full of the Holy Spirit , looking intently into the heaven , he saw the glory of God , and Jesus standing at the right of God .
By your servants , you have mocked the Lord , and said , By my many chariots I have come up to the tops of mountains , the sides of Lebanon ; and I will cut down its tall cedars , its choice fir trees ; and I will go to its greatest height , the forest of its fruitful field .
Jesus answered , If I glorify Myself , My glory is nothing ; it is My Father who glorifies Me , whom you say is your God .
And his army , and those numbered of them were forty five thousand , six hundred and fifty .
not stealing , but showing all good faith , that they may adorn the doctrine of our Savior God in all things .
When the righteous prospers , the city rejoices ; and at the wicked's perishing is singing .
I will not drive them out from before you in one year , that the land not become a waste , and the beast of the field multiply on you .
Wail , O Heshbon , for Ai is spoiled ! Cry , daughters of Rabbah , gird yourselves with sackcloth ; mourn , and run to and fro in the walls . For their king shall go into exile , his priests and his rulers together .
But I have a few things against you , that you allow the woman Jezebel to teach , she saying herself to be a prophetess , and to cause My slaves to go astray , and to commit fornication , and to eat idol sacrifices .
Is there a father for the rain ? Or who has given birth to the drops of dew ?
And he rose up and came in , and went to Samaria , He was at the shepherds' shearing house in the way .
and its five pillars , and their hooks ; and the overlaid their tops and their bands with gold ; and their five sockets bronze .

And when you send him out free from you , you shall not let him go away empty .
Then Jehovah said to me , Do not pray for good for this people .

As Jehovah your God lives , there is no nation or kingdom where my lord has not sent to seek you ; and when they said , He is not here , then he caused the kingdom and the nation to swear that it did not find you .
so that your merciful deeds may be in secret . And your Father seeing in secret Himself will repay you in the open .
Or if it was known that he was an ox apt to gore from yesterday and the third day , and his owner does not watch him , he shall pay ox for ox , and the dead shall be his .
And Hamor and his son Shechem came to the gate of their city . And they spoke with the men of their city , saying ,
Your rowers made you come into great waters , the east wind has broken you in the heart of the seas .
O Jehovah our God , all this store that we have prepared to build a house to You , for Your holy name , is out of Your hand , and all is of You .
Because of this , know that Jehovah your God , He is God , the faithful God , keeping the covenant and mercy to those who love Him , and to those who keep His commands , to a thousand generations ;
Then they indeed being let go , they went to Antioch . And gathering the multitude , they delivered the letter .
To the faint , mercy is due from his friend ; for he forsakes the fear of the Almighty .
not with eye-service as men-pleasers , but as slaves of Christ doing the will of God from the soul ,
And now listen to me , O sons , for blessed are those who keep my ways .
Jehovah will uphold him on the couch of sickness ; You change all his bed in his sickness .
Jehovah our God is with us as He has been with our fathers ; He shall not forsake us or leave us ,
And He spoke the word openly . And taking Him aside , Peter began to rebuke Him .
A wise one ascends the city of the mighty and topples the strength in which it trusts .
That which has been , it already is ; and that which is to be , it already has been . And God seeks what has gone by .
Jehovah also has a quarrel with Judah , and will punish Jacob according to his ways ; He will repay him according to his deeds .
And I will judge you with judgments of adulteresses , and with shedders of blood . And I will give you blood of fury and jealousy .
lest if Macedonians come with me and find you not ready , that we ( we do not say you ) should be ashamed in this assurance of boasting .
The sons of Adin , four hundred and fifty four .
Give to Jehovah , O kindred of the people , give to Jehovah glory and strength .
And from it Moses and Aaron and his sons washed their hands and their feet .


The words of Jonadab the son of Rechab are done , in which he commanded his sons not to drink wine . And to this day they do not drink , but obey their father's command . But I have spoken to you , rising early and speaking ; and you did not listen to Me .
And they came to Hilkiah the high priest , and they gave the silver brought into the house of God , that the Levites who guarded the threshold had gathered from the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim , and from all the remnant of Israel , and from all Judah and Benjamin , and the inhabitants of Jerusalem .
And take a bunch of hyssop and dip in the blood in the basin . And touch some of the blood in the basin to the upper doorpost and to the two side doorposts . And you shall not go out , anyone from the door of his house until morning .
Baalah , and Iim , and Azem ,
And Jonathan again made David swear , because he loved him ; for he loved him as he loved his own soul .

Come , listen to me , my sons , I will teach you the fear of Jehovah .
And wherever the sons of men , the animals of the field , and the birds of the sky dwell , He has given them into your hand , and has made you ruler over them all . You are the head of gold .
And quieting the crowd , the town clerk said , Men , Ephesians , for what man is there who does not know the city of the Ephesians to be temple keepers of the great goddess Artemis , and of That Fallen From the Sky ?
Is it not wheat harvest today ? I will call to Jehovah and He will give sounds and rain . And know and see that your evil is great , that which you have done in the eyes of Jehovah , to ask a king for yourselves .
And now the wheat and the barley , the oil and the wine , as my lord said , let him send to his servants .
Put not your trust in princes , in a son of man , for there is no salvation in him .
He who digs a pit shall fall into it , and he who rolls a stone shall have it turn back on him .
And he said , Behold ! I have heard grain is in Egypt . Go down there and buy for us from there , that we may live and not die .
And in the fourteenth year Chedorlaomer and the kings that were with him came and struck the giants in Ashteroth Karnaim , and the Zuzims in Ham , and the Emim in Shaveh Kiriathaim ,
And the Jewish Feast of the Tabernacles was near .

And these were of costly stone according to the measures of hewn stones , sawed with a saw , inside and out , even from the foundation to the coping , and from the outside , to the great court .


And now , Israel , listen to the statutes and to the judgments which I am teaching you to do , so that you may live and go in , and possess the land which Jehovah the God of your fathers is giving to you .
When there were no depths , I was brought forth ; when there were no springs heavy with water .
And the word of Jehovah was to Jonah , the son of Amittai , saying ,
And Jehovah God said to the serpent , Because you have done this , you are cursed above all beasts , and above every animal of the field . You shall go on your belly , and you shall eat dust all the days of your life .
And it happened , when all the kings of the Amorites beyond the Jordan , toward the sea , and all the kings of the Canaanites which were by the sea , heard how Jehovah dried up the waters of the Jordan before the sons of Israel , until they crossed over , their heart was melted . And there was not any more spirit in them before the sons of Israel .

a time to seek , and a time to give up as lost ; a time to keep , and a time to throw away ;
The soul of the wicked desires evil , his neighbor finds no favor in his eyes .
For you are to cross over the Jordan to go in to possess the land which Jehovah your God is giving to you ; and you shall possess it and live in it .
And God called the light , Day . And He called the darkness , Night . And there was evening , and there was morning the first day .
a memorial to the sons of Israel , so that an alien who is not of the seed of Aaron shall not draw near to offer incense before Jehovah , and shall not be as Korah , and as his company ; as Jehovah had spoken by the hand of Moses to him .
And Saul answered and said , Am I not a Benjamite , of the smallest of the tribes of Israel ? And my family is the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin . And why have you spoken to me according to this word ?
And so the sons of Israel did . And they gathered ; the one gathering much and the one gathering little .
A lazy one puts his hand in a dish , and he will not return it to his mouth .
Jehovah our God , masters beside You have governed us ; only in You we will mention Your name .

So that those of faith are blessed with the faithful Abraham .
As for man , his days are as grass ; as the flower of the field , so he flourishes .
One goes up to the house , even to Dibon , the high places , to weep . Moab shall howl over Nebo and over Medeba ; all its heads shall be bald , every beard shorn .
And calling ten of his slaves , He gave to them ten minas and said to them , Trade until I come .
The upright shall see and be glad ; and all iniquity shuts its mouth .
And Jehovah said to Moses , The heart of Pharaoh is heavy ; he refuses to send away the people .
And I will lift up my hands to Your commandments that I love ; and I will meditate on Your statutes .
My son , do not reject the chastening of Jehovah , and do not loathe His correction ;

The fear of Jehovah tends to life , and he shall rest satisfied , he shall not be visited with evil .
And on the twenty fourth day of this month the sons of Israel were gathered with fasting and with sackcloth , and with earth on them .
But he does not know that the departed spirits are there ; her guests are in the depths of hell .
And I will again bring the captivity of My people Israel . And they shall build the waste cities , and live in them . And they shall plant vineyards , and drink the wine of them . They shall also make gardens , and eat the fruit of them .

and four thousand were gatekeepers , and four thousand giving praise to Jehovah with instruments which I made for praising .
but to those first in Damascus , and Jerusalem , and to all the country of Judea , and to the nations , I announced the command to repent and to turn to God , doing works worthy of repentance .
And the priests , the Levites , rose up and blessed the people , and their voice was heard , and their prayer came to His holy dwelling place , to Heaven .
And he sent and brought him in . And he was ruddy , with beautiful eyes and good form . And Jehovah said , Rise up , anoint him , for this is he .
I am Jehovah your God who brought you out from the land of Egypt ; open your mouth wide , and I will fill it .
And Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah to this day . Then Libnah revolted at that time from under his hand , because he had forsaken Jehovah , the God of his fathers .
until " another king rose up " " who did not know Joseph . "
And He said to him , Go , wash in the pool of Siloam , which translated is Sent . Then he went and washed , and came seeing .
And kept alive Rahab the harlot , and the house of her father , and all whom she had . And she lives in the midst of Israel to this day . For she hid the messengers whom sent to spy out Jericho .
And I will execute judgments on Moab . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
And now gather the rest of the people , and encamp against the city , and take it ; that I not take the city , and my name be called over it .
For My thoughts are not your thoughts , nor are your ways My ways , says Jehovah .
What will you say when He visits you ? For you taught them to be rulers over you for a head . Do not pangs seize you like a woman in travail ?

And from the sons of Shephatiah , Zebadiah the son of Michael , and eighty males with him .
but , As Jehovah lives , who brought up and led the seed of the house of Israel out of the land of the north , and from all the lands where I have driven them there . And they shall dwell on their own land .

and having a Great Priest over the house of God ,
And said to king Zedekiah , What have I sinned against you , or against your servants , or against this people , that you have put me into the prison house ?


And teaching in the temple , answering Jesus said , How do the scribes say that Christ is the son of David ?
And Micah said to him , From where do you come ? And he said to him , I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah , and I am going to live where I may find a place .
He who robs his father or his mother , and says , It is not a transgression , he shall be a companion to a destroyer .
And the sons of Zebulun : Sered , and Elon , and Jahleel .
And his wife said to him , If Jehovah desired to put us to death , He would not have received a burnt offering and a food offering from our hands , nor declared to us all these things ; nor would He at this time have caused us to hear such things as these .
From the brightness before Him were brands of fire kindled !
the sons of Hashem the Gizonite , Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite ,
but even as it has been written , " They shall see , to whom nothing was announced concerning Him ; and the ones that have not heard shall understand . "
And his army , and those numbered of them were thirty two thousand and two hundred
and you shall find favor and good understanding in the sight of God and man .
And Mariam remained with her about three months , and returned to her house .
Because of this , I am pleased in weaknesses , in insults , in dire needs , in persecutions , in distresses , for the sake of Christ . For when I may be weak , then I am powerful .
Until when does the day blow , and the shadows flee away ? Turn , my Beloved , and be like a gazelle , or a young deer , the stag , on the cleft mountains .
And you shall anoint them as you anointed their father . And they shall serve as priests to Me . And their anointing shall be for an everlasting priesthood for their generations .
We ourselves will go over armed before Jehovah into the land of Canaan , so that the land of our inheritance on that side of Jordan may be ours .
O my God , my soul is cast down within me ; on account of this I remember You from Jordan-land and from the Hermons , from Mount Mizar .
And of Naphtali , a thousand chiefs ; and with them with shield and spear were thirty seven thousand .
I am for peace ; but when I speak , they are for war .
But Jesus said to them , They have no need to go away . You give them food to eat .
Because the ministry of this service is not only making up the things lacking of the saints , but also multiplying through many thanksgivings to God ,
And the people came into the camp , and the elders of Israel said , Why has Jehovah stricken us today before the Philistines ? Let us take the ark of the covenant of Jehovah to us , and let it come into our midst ; and it will save us from the hand of our enemies .
And Jehovah God planted a garden in Eden to the east ; and He put the man whom He had formed there .
You love all devouring words , O deceitful tongue !
And Jehovah revealed in Samuel's ear one day before Saul came , saying ,
And it shall be in that day that Tyre shall be forgotten seventy years , according to the days of one king . At the end of seventy years , it will be as the song of a harlot to Tyre .
For so the Lord has said to me , Within a year , as the years of a hireling , all the glory of Kedar shall be ended ,
So my glory shall praise You , and not be quiet ; O Jehovah , my God , I will give thanks to You forever .
We sweetened counsel together ; we marched into the house of God with the throng .
And Jehovah spoke to Aaron , saying , And I , behold , I have given to you the charge of My heave offerings , of all the dedicated things of the sons of Israel . I have given them to you for the anointing , and to your sons , by a never ending statute .
Is this not the carpenter's son ? Is not his mother called Mary , and his brothers , James , and Joses , and Simon , and Judas ?
But I say this , that each of you says , I am of Paul , and I of Apollos , and I of Cephas , and I of Christ .
They are all hot as an oven , and devour their judges . All their kings have fallen ; not one among them calls to Me .
against Egypt , against the army of Pharaoh-necho , king of Egypt , which was by the river Euphrates in Carchemish , which Nebu-chadnezzar , the king of Babylon , struck in the fourth year of Jehoiakim , the son of Josiah , king of Judah :
And taking a cup , giving thanks , He said , Take this and divide it among yourselves .

And why have you not kept the oath of Jehovah , and the charge that I commanded you ?
you whose garments are warm when the earth is still from the south wind ?
Stand in the gate of the house of Jehovah and call out there this word , and say , Hear the word of Jehovah all Judah , who enter in at these gates to worship Jehovah .
And now , behold , I have brought in the first of the fruits of the ground which You have given me , O Jehovah . And you shall place it before Jehovah your God , and bow yourself before Jehovah your God ,
A wholesome tongue is a tree of life , but perverseness in it is a break of the spirit .

For many fell down slain , because the war was of God . And they lived in their places until the exile .
O My love , I have compared you to My mares in Pharaoh's chariots .

Keep my soul and deliver me let me not be ashamed , for I have sought refuge in You .
even the congregation's half was three hundred and thirty seven thousand , five hundred of the flock ;
And the rest of the acts of Azariah , and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
He said to them , In view of your hardheartedness , Moses allowed you to put away your wives . But from the beginning it was not so .
and with every living creature which is with you , among fowl , among cattle , and among every animal of the earth with you , from all that go out from the ark , to every animal of the earth .
And now he has died . Why this , that I should fast ? Am I able to bring him back again ? I shall go to him , but he shall not return to me .
I am poured out like waters , and all My bones are spread apart ; My heart is like wax ; it is melted in the midst of My bowels .
who desires all men to be delivered and to come to a full knowledge of truth .
surely every man walks about in shadow ; surely they are in an uproar in vain ; he heaps up and does not know who is gathering them .
Otherwise , what will they do , those being baptized on behalf of the dead ? If the dead are not at all raised , why indeed are they baptized on behalf of the dead ?
And on the twenty third day of the seventh month , he sent the people to their tents , rejoicing and glad of heart , for the goodness that Jehovah had done to David , and to Solomon , and to His people Israel .
And they and their sons were over the gates of the house of Jehovah , even of the house of the tabernacle , by watches .
Do not rejoice , O Philistia , all of you , for the rod of your striking is broken , because a viper comes forth from the root of a snake , and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent .
this is the word that Jehovah spoke concerning him : The virgin daughter of Zion has despised you and laughed you to scorn ; the daughter of Jerusalem has shaken her head behind you .
I adjure you by the gazelles , and by the does of the field , O daughters of Jerusalem , that you do not stir up and do not awaken the Beloved until it pleases .
And he said to me , What do you see ? And I said , I see , and behold , a lampstand , all of it gold , and a bowl on its top , and its seven lamps on it , and seven spouts each to the seven lamps on its top ;
Until I come , attend to reading , to exhortation , to teaching .
Praise Jehovah ! Praise , O servants of Jehovah ; praise the name of Jehovah .
And I saw , and behold , a white horse ! And the one sitting on it had a bow . And a crown was given to him , and he went out overcoming , and that he might overcome .
then he shall go out from you , he and his sons with him , and shall return to his family ; he shall even return to the possession of his father .

And it happened when had finished speaking to all the people all the words of Jehovah their God , for which Jehovah their God had sent him to them all these words ,
And Jehovah said to Jacob , Go back to the land of your fathers and to your kindred . And I will be with you .
So the Spirit lifted me up and took me , and I went bitterly in the heat of my spirit , but the hand of Jehovah was strong upon me .
Jerahmeel also had another wife and her name was Atarah . She was the mother of Onam .
For I do not desire to see you now in passage , but I am hoping to remain some time with you , if the Lord permits .
leave your gift there before the altar , and go . First , be reconciled to your brother , and then coming , offer your gift .
These are the families of the sons of Gad according to those numbered of them , forty thousand , five hundred .
Who is this King of glory ? Jehovah of hosts , He is the King of glory . Selah .

Indeed , because of this , in order that He might sanctify the people by His own blood , Jesus suffered outside the gate .
pulling down imaginations and every high thing lifting up itself against the knowledge of God , and bringing into captivity every thought into the obedience of Christ ,
You have covered with a cloud for You , from any prayer passing through .
Yet , behold , there shall be left in it escaping ones that shall be led out , sons and daughters . Behold , they shall come to you , and you shall see their way and their doings . And you will be comforted for the evil which I have brought against Jerusalem , for all which I have brought upon it .
And with one passion the crowds heeded that being said by Philip when they heard and saw the many miracles which he did .
Then He was seen by James , then by all the apostles ;
and see if any wicked way is in me ; and lead me in the way everlasting .
And the dove came into him in the evening . And , behold ! In her mouth was a newly plucked olive leaf . So Noah knew that the waters had gone down from off the earth .
The lamp of the body is the eye . Then when your eye is sound , also all your body is light . But when it is evil , also your body is dark .
But if you will turn to Me and keep My commandments , and do them , though you were cast out to the outermost part of the heavens , yet I will gather them from there , and will bring them to the place that I have chosen , to set My name there .
and one tenth part for each of the seven lambs ;
Then the one swearing by the altar swears by it , and by all things on it .
And he brought the burnt offering , and offered it , according to the ordinance .
Take words with you and return to Jehovah . Say to Him , Take away all iniquity and receive us well , that we may repay with the calves of our lips .
And David struck them from the twilight even to the evening of the next day . And not a man of them escaped , except four hundred young men who rode on camels and fled .
And they made their heart adamant from hearing the law and the words which Jehovah of hosts has sent by the former prophets through His Spirit . And great wrath was from Jehovah of hosts .
and the hawk , and falcons , and the kite by its kinds ,

Son of man , say to the ruler of Tyre , So says the Lord Jehovah , Because your heart is lifted up , and you have said , I am a god , I sit in the seat of gods , in the heart of the seas ; yet you are a man , and not God , though you give your heart as the heart of gods .
And they sent the ark of God around to Ekron . And it happened as the ark of God came into Ekron , the Ekronites cried out , saying , They have brought around the ark of the God of Israel to me to put me to death , even my people .
And if there is in the bald head , or the bald forehead , a reddish white plague , it is a leprosy breaking out in the bald head , or in the bald forehead .
And the hands of a man extended from under their wings on their four sides . And their faces and their wings were to the four of them ,
lying in ambush for Him , and seeking to catch something out of His mouth that they might accuse Him .
And all these things happened to those as examples , and it was written for our warning , on whom the ends of the ages have come .
Now , the destruction of Ahaziah was from God , for coming to Jehoram ; and when he had come he went out with Jehoram to Jehu the son of Nimshi , whom Jehovah had anointed to cut off the house of Ahab .
And Jesus said to him , Judas , do you betray the Son of man with a kiss ?
How then should the Scriptures be fulfilled , that it must happen this way ?
And David reigned over all Israel , and he executed judgment and justice among all his people .
and you look on the one wearing the splendid clothing , and say to him , You sit here comfortably ; and to the poor one you say , You stand there , or , Sit here under my footstool ;
And you shall offer a bull of a sin offering daily for atonement ; and you shall purify the altar in your making atonement for it ; and you shall anoint it to sanctity it .
And I will bring the four winds from the four ends of the heavens on Elam , and will scatter them toward all those winds . And there shall be no nation where the outcasts of Elam shall not come .
And a strong tower was in the middle of the city . And all the leaders of the city , and all the men and women fled there . And they shut it behind them , and went up on the roof of the tower .
For also the body is not one member , but many .
But whenever it turns to the Lord , the veil is taken away .

But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night and said to him , Behold , you are about to die because of the woman you have taken , she being married to a husband .
every man has seen it ; man beholds it from afar .


And Benaiah came into the tabernacle of Jehovah and said to him , So says the king , Come out . And he said , No , but I will die here . And Benaiah brought back word to the king , saying , So says Joab . Yea , so he answered me .
And Abram said to the king of Sodom , I have lifted up my hand to Jehovah , the most high God , the possessor of Heaven and earth ,
and yet Elijah was sent to none of them except to Zarephath of Sidon , to a widow woman .

Many are saying of my soul , There is no salvation for him in God . Selah .
Is it any pleasure to the Almighty that you are righteous ? Or is it gain to Him that you make your ways perfect ?
What good to Me are your many sacrifices , says Jehovah ? I am full of burnt offerings of rams , and the fat of fattened cattle , and the blood of bulls ; nor do I delight in the blood of lambs and he goats .
Therefore , on account of you , Zion shall be plowed as a field , and Jerusalem shall become heaps , and the mountain of the house into high places of the forest .
The one having ears to hear , let him hear .
How is the city of praise not forsaken , the city of my joy !
And the sons of Gershon had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Issachar , and out of the tribe of Asher , and out of the tribe of Naphtali , and out of the half tribe of Manasseh in Bashan , thirteen cities .
And the sons of Jediael : Bilhan . And the sons of Bilhan : Jeush , and Benjamin , and Ehud , and Chenaanah , and Zethan , and Tharshish , and Ahishahar ;
And Haman took the clothing and the horse , and dressed Mordecai , and caused him to ride through the street of the city , and called out before him , In this way shall be done to the man whom the king delights , in honoring him !
But there was a man from the Pharisees , Nicodemus his name , a ruler of the Jews .
The hand of Jehovah was on me . And He brought me by the Spirit of Jehovah and made me rest in the midst of a valley , and it was full of bones .
Blessed are the peoples that are so ; blessed are the peoples whose God is Jehovah !
And David said to Saul , Your servant has been a shepherd among sheep for his father . And the lion came , and the bear , and took away a sheep out of the flock .
And there was given to each one a white robe . And it was said to them that they should rest yet a little time , until might be fulfilled also the number of their fellow-slaves and their brothers , those being about to be killed , even as they .
And they gave it into the hand of the doers of the work , those called out in the house of Jehovah ; and they gave it to the doers of the work who were working in the house of Jehovah to repair and to make strong the house .
For also if a trumpet gives an uncertain sound , who will get himself ready for war ?
He will come and will destroy these vinedressers and will give the vineyard to others . And hearing this , they said , Let it not be !
His body was also like the beryl , and his face looked like lightning . And his eyes were like torches of fire ; and his arms and his feet in color like polished bronze ; and the sound of his words were as the noise of a multitude .
And Festus said , King Agrippa , and all those men present with us , you see this one about whom all the multitude of the Jews pleaded with me , both here and in Jerusalem , crying out that he ought to live no longer .
And it happened when the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Jehovah had come up out of the midst of the Jordan , and the soles of the feet of the priests had been lifted to the dry land , the waters of the Jordan returned to their place , and flowed over all its banks , as before .

And the Passover of the Jews was near . And many went up to Jerusalem out of the country before the Passover , that they might purify themselves .
all the families who remain , each family apart , and their wives apart .
And it happened , when they had heard the Law , they separated all the mixed multitude from Israel .

Egypt shall be a ruin , and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness , from violence done to the sons of Judah , whose innocent blood they poured out in their land .
And he waited yet another seven days , and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark .
But it is good to be zealous always in a good thing and not only in my being present with you .
An eye glimpsed him , but will not again ; yea , his place shall not again see him .
And he went through all the tribes of Israel to Abel , and to Beth-maachah , and to all the Berites . And they were gathered , and went after him also .
And the faithful of the circumcision were amazed , as many as came with Peter , because the gift of the Holy Spirit was poured out on the nations also .
You also multiplied their sons like the stars of the heavens and brought them into the land which You had promised to their fathers , that they should go in and possess it .
He pours scorn on nobles , and He unties the belt of the mighty ;
And I have also withheld the rain from you when it was yet three months to the harvest . And I caused rain to fall on one city , and caused it not to rain on another city . One piece was rained on , and the piece where it did not rain was dried up .

And the rest of the acts of Ahaz that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?


And her husband Elkanah said to her , Do that which is good in your eyes . Remain until you wean him . Only , may Jehovah confirm His word . And the woman remained , and suckled her son until she had weaned him .
The alien in your midst shall go above you , higher and higher ; and you shall come down , lower and lower .
And to the angel of the church of Smyrna , write : These things says the First and the Last , who became dead , and lived :
Blessed is he who has the God of Jacob in his help ; his hope is on Jehovah his God ;
The meek shall eat and be satisfied ; those who seek Jehovah shall praise Him ; your heart shall live forever .
then You shall hear their prayer and their supplication in Heaven Your dwellingplace , and shall maintain their cause ,
And I , I will go out and will stand by my father's side in the field where you are . And I will speak of you to my father , and shall see what it is , and will tell you .
I will thank You in the great assembly , and I will praise You among a mighty people .
And they will eat up your harvest and your food , and they will devour your sons and your daughters . They will eat up your flocks and your herds ; they will eat up your vines and your fig trees . One shall beat down your fortified cities with the sword , those in which you trust .
The one overcoming , I will make him a pillar in the temple of My God , and he shall not go out any more . And I will write the name of My God on him , and the name of the city of My God , the new Jerusalem which comes down out of Heaven from My God , and My new name .
A sensible one sees the evil and hides himself , but the simple go on and are punished .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And Jehovah said to Moses , They shall present their offering , one to the day , one ruler to the day , for the dedication of the altar .
And it shall be , when many evils and distresses have found them , this song shall testify against them as a witness . For it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed . For I know their imagination which they are making today , before I bring them into the land which I have sworn .
And you shall burn all the ram on the altar ; it is a burnt offering to Jehovah , a soothing fragrance ; it is a fire offering to Jehovah .
All numbered of the camp of Ephraim were a hundred and eight thousand and one hundred , according to their armies . And they shall pull out third .
Then coming up to Jesus privately , the disciples said , Why were we not able to cast him out ?
All the Levites in the holy city were two hundred and eighty four .
and with it all also hoping that silver would be given to him by Paul , that he might free him . Because of this he also more frequently sent for him and conversed with him .
And rising up , he took along the child and His mother by night and withdrew into Egypt .
Behold , the former things have come to pass , and I declare new things before they happen , I cause you to hear .
Are not two sparrows sold for an assarion ? Yet not one of them shall fall to the ground without your Father .
Again , going away a second time , He prayed , saying , My Father , if this cup cannot pass away from Me without My drinking it , let Your will be done .
Why should You be as one who is stunned , as one mighty yet cannot save ? Yet You , O Jehovah , are in our midst , and Your name is called on us . Do not leave us .
You believe that God is one . You do well ; even the demons believe and shudder .
as those from the beginning delivered to us , becoming eye-witnesses and ministers of the word ,
I shall be a Father to him , and he shall be a son to Me ; and I will not take My mercy away from him , as I took it away from him who was before you ;

Because of this His people shall return here ; and waters of a full cup shall be drained by them .
And , behold , a man named Joseph , being a councillor , a good and righteous man .
And the name of David went out into all the lands ; and Jehovah put the dread of him on all the nations .
And they said to him , Behold , you have become old , and your sons have not walked in your ways . Now appoint a king to us , to judge us , like all the nations .

from Aroer , which is on the edge of the river of Arnon , even to Mount Sion , which is Hermon ;
Because of this also God highly exalted Him and gave Him a name above every name ,

And the rest of the acts of Manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
And the men who had gone up with him said , We are not able to go up against the people , for it is stronger than we .
Speak to the sons of Israel , saying , He who brings near the sacrifice of his peace offerings to Jehovah shall bring his offering to Jehovah from the sacrifice of his peace offerings ;
And you shall know that I am Jehovah when their slain shall be in the midst of their idols all around their altars , on every high hill , in all the tops of the mountains , and under every green tree , and under every leafy oak , ( the place where they offered there a soothing aroma to all their idols ) .
For if God did not spare the natural branches , fear that it may be He will not spare you either .
He shall not replace it , or change it , a good for a bad , or a bad for a good . And if he shall at all change animal for animal , then both it and that for which it is changed shall be holy .
Rulers and nobles rule by me , and all the judges of the earth .
He answered them , I told you already , and you did not hear . Why do you wish to hear again ? Do you also desire to become disciples of Him ?
But as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living man , but so that the meaning might be made known to the king , and that you might know the thoughts of your heart .

He killed their vines with hail , and their sycamore trees with sleet .
When I gave my heart to know wisdom , and to see the business that is done on the earth ; for even by day and by night he does not see sleep in his eyes .
the son of Abinadab in all the height of Dor , Taphath the daughter of Solomon was his wife ;
He will pray to God , and He will accept him , and he will see His face with exultation ; for He will restore to man his righteousness .
When I humbled my soul with fasting , it also was to my reproach ;
These are the words of the covenant which Jehovah commanded Moses to make with the sons of Israel in the land of Moab , besides the covenant which He made with them in Horeb .

The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents ; the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts .
And they burned the city with fire , and all that was in it . Only they gave the silver and the gold , and the vessels of bronze , and of iron , to the treasury of the house of Jehovah .
What will you do in the day of meeting , and in the day of the feast of Jehovah ?
And send to me cedar trees , firs , and algums from Lebanon , for I know that your servants know how to cut down the trees of Lebanon ; and behold , my servants shall be with your servants ,
Your people shall be willing in the day of Your power ; in holy adornment from the womb of the dawn , to You is the dew of Your youth .
Repent , then , from this wickedness of yours , and petition God if perhaps you will be forgiven the thought of your heart .

And Moses said to the assembly , This is the thing which Jehovah has commanded done .
And he measured the wall of the house , six cubits , and the width of each side room was four cubits all around the house .
Behold , his hope has been made false ; will he not be cast down at the sight of him ?
And it happened on the eighth day , they came to circumcise the child and were calling it by his father's name , Zacharias .
Remember me , O my God , concerning this , and do not wipe out my good deeds which I have done for the house of my God , and in its keeping .
Behold , is it not for Jehovah of hosts that the people labor only for fire ? Yea , nations weary themselves only for vanity .
And He also said to His disciples , A certain man was rich ; and he had a steward , and this one was accused to him as wasting his goods .
because the foolish thing of God is wiser than men , and the weak thing of God is stronger than men .
And the other disciples came in the little boat , for they were not far from the land , only about two hundred cubits , dragging the net of the fish .
But answering , the other rebuked him , saying , Do you not fear God , for you are in the same judgment ?
and gave them for the potter's field , as the Lord directed me .
I will feed My sheep , and I will make them lie down , declares the Lord Jehovah .

Because of this I say to you , The kingdom of God will be taken from you , and it will be given to a nation bringing forth the fruits of it .
For what if some did not believe ? Will their unbelief destroy the faith of God ?
Thomas said to Him , Lord , we do not know where You go , and how can we know the way ?
And he mustered them in Bezek , and the sons of Israel were three hundred thousand , and the men of Judah , thirty thousand .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And it was evil in the eyes of God as to this thing , and He struck Israel .
I will instruct you and teach you in the way which you should go ; I will counsel you , My eye shall be on you .
And when it became day , He called His disciples , also choosing out twelve from them , whom He also named apostles :
turn and pull up stakes and go into the hills of the Amorites , and to all its neighboring places in the Arabah in the hills , and in the low country , and in the Negeb , and in the shore of the sea , the land of the Canaanites and of Lebanon , to the great river , the Euphrates River .
even all the Jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of Judah , to Gedaliah , to Mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits in great abundance .
And He said to them , Truly I say to you , There is no one who has left house , or parents , or brothers , or wife , or children , for the sake of the kingdom of God ,

And their border was Helkath , and Hali , and Beten , and Achshaph ,
Then do we make law of no effect through faith ? Let it not be ! But we establish law .
And Hezekiah spoke to the heart of all the Levites , those having good understanding as to Jehovah . And they ate the appointed things seven days , offering sacrifices of peace offerings , and making confession to Jehovah , the God of their fathers .
For many are called , but few chosen .


Behold ! I have made you a new sharp threshing instrument , a master of teeth ; you shall thresh mountains and beat them small , and shall make hills like the chaff .
And also he , the son of valor , whose heart is as the heart of the lion , shall utterly melt . For all Israel knows that your father is a mighty man , and those with him sons of valor .
Your two breasts are like two fawns , twins of a gazelle , feeding among the lilies .
And it happened , as they fled from the face of Israel , they were in the descent of Bethhoron , even Jehovah cast great stones on them out of the heavens , to Azekah ; and they died . The many who died by the hailstones were more than the sons of Israel had killed by the sword .
And it happened as noon passed by , that they prophesied madly until the offering up of the offering ; and no sound came , and no one was answering , and no one was paying attention .
And Achish gave Ziklag to him in that day . Therefore , Ziklag has been counted to the kings of Judah until this day .
And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice , saying , Eloi , Eloi , lama sabachthani ? ( Which being translated is , " My God , My God , why did You forsake Me ? " )
for I have not dwelt in a house from the day that I brought Israel up until this day , but I have gone from tent to tent , and from one tabernacle to another .
And they shall spread a cloth of scarlet over them , and shall cover it with a covering of dugong skin , and shall put in its staves .
And Ehud escaped while they waited . And he had passed by the images , and had slipped away to Seirath .
and brought out the pillars of the house of Baal and burned them .
But many of the priests and Levites , and heads of the fathers , the aged men who had seen the first house , when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes , wept with a loud voice . And many shouted aloud for joy ,
Do you see a man who is prompt in his work ? He shall stand before kings , he shall not stand before obscure men .
And Moab greatly feared because of the people , for it was many . And Moab was vexed by the presence of the sons of Israel .
And they said to them , May Jehovah look on you and judge , you who have made our odor to stink in Pharaoh's eyes and in the eyes of his servants , to give a sword in their hands to kill us .
There is no peace , says Jehovah , to the wicked .
their sons left behind them in the land , whom the sons of Israel had not been able to exterminate , Solomon even caused to go on them a burden of forced labor to this day .
Did not the Cushites and the Lubim become a very great army for multitude , for chariots and for horsemen ? And when you leaned on Jehovah , He gave them into your hand .
They are of the world ; because of this they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
Therefore , say to the house of Israel , So says the Lord Jehovah : turn , and be turned from your idols , and from all your abominations turn away your faces .
But if it is from God , you will not be able to destroy it , lest you be found even fighters against God .
And the seven angels having the seven trumpets prepared themselves , that they might trumpet .
and went down from Janohah to Ataroth , and to Naarath , and touched on Jericho , and went out at the Jordan .
from Hilkiah was Hashabiah ; from Jedaiah was Nethaneel .
And the thing was good in my eyes , and I took twelve men of you , one man for each tribe .
With the first chariot were red horses , and with the second chariot black horses ,
if we had not delayed truly now we would have returned this twice .

And a portion shall be for the prince from here , and from there , for the heave offering of the holy place and of the possession of the city , to the face of the heave offering of the holy place , from the west side westward , and from the east side eastward . And the length shall be alongside one of the portions , from the west border to the east border .
Because of this , in one day her plagues shall come : death , and mourning , and famine ; and she will be consumed with fire , for the Lord God judging her is strong .
For the Law had a shadow of the coming good things , not the image itself of those things . Appearing year by year with the same sacrifices , which they offer continually , they never are able to perfect the ones drawing near .
And as they were going out , behold , they brought to Him a dumb man who had been possessed by a demon .
And again they cried out , Crucify him !
Son of man , prophesy and say , So says the Lord Jehovah : Howl , Alas for the day !
And the ones eating were about five thousand men , besides women and children .
And Michal made David go down through the window . And he went , and fled , and escaped .
And anyone who touches his bed shall wash his garments , and shall bathe with water , and shall be unclean until the evening .
But you be careful . Behold , I have foretold you all things .
Issachar is a strong ass , crouching between the sheepfolds .
And I , Jehovah , will be their God , and My servant David shall be a ruler among them . I , Jehovah , have spoken .
And there were ninety six pomegranates on a side ; all the pomegranates on the net-work were a hundred all around .
And if the people of the land should bring goods or any food to sell on the Sabbath , we would not take from them on the Sabbath , or on the holy day . And they would forego the seventh year , and the interest of every hand .
And Jesus answered him , The first of all the commandments is : " Hear , Israel . The Lord our God is one Lord ,
Praise Jehovah ; praise Jehovah , O my soul .
I will surely gather all of you , Jacob ; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel . I will set him together like the sheep of Bozrah , like a flock in the midst of its fold . They shall be in commotion because of men .
Then Rezin the king of Syria and Pekah the son of Remaliah the king of Israel came up to Jerusalem to war . And they besieged Ahaz , but they were not able to fight .
And they came , every one whose heart was lifted up , and everyone whose spirit made him willing . They brought the offering of Jehovah for the work of the tabernacle of the congregation , and for all its service , and for the holy garments .
And the woman whom you saw is the great city , having a kingdom over the kings of the earth .
And having taken Him near , Peter began to rebuke Him , saying , God be gracious to You , Lord ; this shall never be to You .
Whoever seeks to save his life , he will lose it . And whoever will lose it , he will preserve it .
For there must also be heresies among you , so that the approved ones may become revealed among you .
And charge them , saying , Take twelve stones from this place , from the middle of the Jordan , from the place where the feet of the priests were fixed . And you shall carry them over with you and lay them down in the lodging place which you stay the night .

And they pulled up from Tahath and camped in Tarah .
They shall not build , and another live in them ; they shall not plant , and another eat . For like the days of the tree are the days of My people ; and My elect shall grow old to the work of their hands .
And Joseph fell on the face of his father and wept on him , and kissed him .
By the way that he came in , in it he shall return ; and he shall not come into this city , says Jehovah .
And he said , I cried out to Jehovah from my distress . And He answered me . Out of the belly of Sheol I cried for help , and You heard my voice .
As dross You have made all the wicked of the earth to cease ; so I love Your testimonies .
What then shall we say ? Is there not unrighteousness with God ? Let it not be !
And He went down to Capernaum , a city of Galilee . And He was teaching them on the sabbaths .
The soul that sins , it shall die . A son shall not bear the iniquity of the father . And a father shall not bear the iniquity of the son . The righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him , and the wickedness of the wicked shall be on him .
And he said , You shall take the seven ewe lambs from my hand so that it may become for me a witness that I dug this well .
The righteous eats to the satisfying of his appetite , but the belly of the wicked shall lack .
And the Angel of Jehovah said to him , Take the flesh and the unleavened bread and place them on this rock , and pour out the broth . And he did so .
For the ordinances of the people are vanity . For one cuts a tree out of the forest with the axe , the work of the hands of the craftsman .

And he brought me back the way of the gate of the outer sanctuary , facing east . And it was shut .
For Jehovah had humbled Judah because of Ahaz the king of Israel , for he loosed immorality in Judah , and dealt treacherously against Jehovah .
Lift up Your steps to the perpetual desolations , the enemy who has done all evil in the sanctuary .
The good obtain grace from Jehovah , but He will condemn a man of wicked devices .
and they ate up all the plants in the land ; yea , ate the fruit of their ground .
He built the Upper Gate of the house of Jehovah , and he built very much in the wall of Ophel ;
And Beriah and Shema were heads of the fathers to the dwellers of Aijalon , who drove away the dwellers of Gath ;

And the word of Jehovah came to me , saying ,
Jehovah spoke these words to all your assembly on the Mount , out of the midst of the fire of the cloud and out of the thick darkness with a great voice . And He added no more ; and He wrote them on two tablets of stone , and gave them to me .
And Abimelech commanded all the people , saying , Anyone touching this man and his wife shall surely be put to death .
But desiring to justify himself , he said to Jesus , And who is my neighbor ?
He takes the wise in their craftiness , and the counsel of the wily ones is hastened .
And they were exceedingly astonished , saying to themselves , And who is able to be saved ?
And the priest shall pour the oil on the left palm of the priest ;
When I saw among the spoil a goodly robe of Shinar , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold , one of fifty shekels in weight , then I lusted after them , and took them . And behold , they are hidden in the earth , in the middle of my tent , and the silver under it .

In the days of Shamgar the son of Anath , in the days of Jael , the highways ceased , and those going in the paths traveled in byways .
And I shall raise up for Myself a faithful priest . He shall do all that is in My heart and in My soul . And I shall build for him a sure house ; and he shall walk before My anointed all the days .
And Israel pulled up and pitched his tent beyond the Tower of the Flocks .
and put the miter on his head , and on the miter , on its front , he put the golden plate , the holy crown ; as Jehovah commanded Moses .
So as I live , declares Jehovah of hosts , the God of Israel , surely Moab shall be as Sodom , and the sons of Ammon like Gomorrah , a possession of nettles , and a pit of salt , and a ruin forever . The remnant of My people shall plunder them , and the rest of the nation shall possess them .
This man being seized by the Jews , and being about to be killed by them , coming on with the soldiers I rescued him , learning that he was a Roman .
I had no ease in my spirit at my not finding my brother Titus , but saying farewell to them , I went out to Macedonia .
Then I will cause the voice of gladness to cease from the cities of Judah and from the streets of Jerusalem , even the voice of joy , and the voice of the bridegroom , and the voice of the bride . For the land shall become a waste .
And from Mattanah they went to Nahaliel ; and from Nahaliel to Bamoth ;
Therefore , speak to them and say to them , So says the Lord Jehovah : Every man of the house of Israel who causes idols to go up in his heart , and who puts the stumbling-block of his iniquity before his face , and comes to the prophet , I , Jehovah , will answer him in it by the host of his idols ,
And they shall know that I , Jehovah their God , am with them , and they are My people , the house of Israel , declares the Lord Jehovah .

But the angel said to him , Do not fear , Zacharias , because your prayer was heard , and your wife Elizabeth will bear a son to you , and you shall call his name John .
And the vinedressers , taking his slaves , they beat this one , and they killed one , and they stoned another .
over your fellowship in the gospel , from the first day until now ,
And the king of the south will be bitter and will go out and fight with him , with the king of the north . And he shall raise a great multitude , but the multitude shall be given into his hand .
Come now , rich ones , weep , howling over your hardships coming on .
who both killed the Lord Jesus and their own prophets , also driving us out , and not pleasing God , and being contrary to all men ,

For the Lord Jehovah will do nothing unless He reveals His secret to His servants the prophets .
And God said to Noah , The end of all flesh has come before Me , for the earth is filled with violence through them . And behold , I will destroy them along with the earth .
Abimelech said , Behold , my land is before you . Live where it pleases you .

And Solomon finished the house of Jehovah , and the king's house ; and all that came to the heart of Solomon to do in the house of Jehovah , and in his own house , he was caused to prosper .
And the capitals on the top of the pillars in the porch were lily-work , four cubits .

when the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion , and the blood of Jerusalem shall have been rinsed away from its midst by a spirit of judgment , and by a spirit of burning .


And you , then , truly have grief now ; but I will see you again , and your heart will rejoice , and no one takes your joy from you .
If you are honest , let one of your brothers be bound in your prison house , and you go bring grain for the famine of your houses .
And , behold , I have given all the tithe in Israel to the sons of Levi for an inheritance , in return for their service which they are serving , the service of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And the sons of Israel pulled up stakes from Beeroth of the sons of Jaakan to Mosera ; Aaron died there and he was buried there ; and his son Eleazar was acting as priest in his place .
O Jehovah , pay attention to me , and pay attention to the voice of my foes .
Who will give it that my desire might come , and God would grant my longing ;
Luxury is not becoming for a fool , much less for a servant to rule over princes .
and five hundred of cassia , by the shekel of the sanctuary ; and a hin of olive oil .
in order to fulfill the word of Jehovah in the mouth of Jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths ; all the days of the desolation it kept the sabbath , to the full measure of seventy years .
For having served his own generation by the counsel of God , David truly fell asleep and was added to his fathers and saw corruption .
Is this blessedness then on the circumcision , or also on the uncircumcision ? For we say the faith " was counted to Abraham for righteousness . "
And where I go you know , and the way you know .
And the sons of Dan went on their way . And Micah saw that they were stronger than he , and turned and went back to his house .
And He said to the man who had a withering of the hand , Rise up into the middle .
Behold , I have found this , says the Preacher , counting one by one to find out the sum ,
he said to them , Believing , did you receive the Holy Spirit ? And they said to him , We did not even hear whether the Holy Spirit is .
And you shall make pomegranates of blue and purple and crimson on its hem , all around on its hem ; also bells of gold shall be among them all around :
Do I speak these things according to man , or does not the Law say these things also ?
Covetings are in her midst ; oppression and guile will not depart from her streets .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
So as we now know no one according to flesh , but even if we have known Christ according to flesh , yet now we no longer know Him so .
And the camp of the Levites , with the tabernacle of the congregation shall pull out in the middle of the camps . As they encamp , so they shall pull out , each man in his place , by their standards .
And the beast which I saw was like a leopard , and its feet as of a bear , and its mouth as a lion's mouth . And the dragon gave its power to it , and its throne , and great authority .

And the Levites shall surround the king , each with his weapon in his hand ; and he who goes into the house shall be put to death ; and you be with the king in his coming in and in his going out .
Because you did not do so at the first , Jehovah our God broke in against us , for we did not seek Him according to the ordinance .
For the moth shall eat them like a garment ; yea , the moth worm shall eat them like wool . But My righteousness shall be forever , and My salvation to generation to generation .
the son of Ethni , the son of Zerah , the son of Adaiah ,
And he said , I am the slave of Abraham .
And she said to the king , The word that I heard in my land concerning your matters and concerning your wisdom is true .
And I will cast you and your mother who bore you into another country , there where you were not born ; and there you shall die .
The lamp of the body is the eye . Then if your eye is sound , all your body is light .
And if he was an ox apt to gore from yesterday and the third day , and its owner is given warning , and he does not watch him , and he kills a man or a woman , the ox shall be stoned , and its owner also shall be put to death .
idolatry , sorcery , hatreds , fightings , jealousies , angers , rivalries , divisions , heresies ,
All the souls belonging to Jacob coming into Egypt , those springing from his loins , besides the wives of the sons of Jacob , all the souls were sixty six .
And the escaped ones of the house of Judah that is left shall again take root downward , and bear fruit upward .

And they talked to each other about all these things taking place .
And now entreat the face of God , that He favor us . This has been by your hands ; will He lift up your faces ? says Jehovah of hosts .
It stood on twelve oxen : three facing the north , and three facing the west , and three facing the south , and three facing the east . And the sea was above on them ; and all their hinder parts were inward .
And I took hold of the two tablets and threw them out of my two hands , and broke them before your eyes .
that Jehovah your God may show us the way in which we may walk , and the thing that we may do .
And the one in the field , let him not return to the things behind to take his garment .
until I come and take you to a land like your own land , a land of grain and new wine , a land of bread and vineyards .
Therefore , what God yoked together , let not man put apart .
If He passes through and shuts up , or gathers together , then who can turn Him back ?
A day of building your walls , that day the limit shall be far removed .
He made me see this : And , behold , the Lord was standing by the plumb line wall , and a plumb line in His hand .
And she said to her father , Let no anger be in the eyes of my lord , for I am not able to rise before your face , for the way of women is to me . And he sought and did not find the household idols .
But a birthday feast for Herod being held , the daughter of Herodias danced in the midst and pleased Herod .
For He said to him , Unclean spirit , come out of the man !
And said , If it pleases the king , let it be given to the Jews in Shushan to do tomorrow also according to this day's decree ; and let Haman's ten sons be hanged on the wooden gallows .
And you shall write them on the side posts of your house , and on your gates ,

To the chief musician . A Psalm of David . The fool has said in his heart , There is no God ! They acted corruptly ; they did hatefully in deeds ; there is none doing good .

And Ahaz took the silver and the gold which was found in the house of Jehovah , and in the treasures of the king's house , and sent to the king of Assyria a bribe .


Woe to those desiring the day of Jehovah ! What is this for you ? The day of Jehovah is darkness , and not light .
I love Jehovah because He hears my voice , my prayers .
and Obadiah the son of Shemaiah , the son of Galal , the son of Jeduthun ; and Berechiah the son of Asa , the son of Elkanah , who lived in the villages of the Netophathites .
Woe to him who says to a father , What are you fathering ? Or to the woman , What are you laboring over ?

And all its fat shall be brought near , he shall offer the fat tail of it , and the fat which covers the inward parts ,
I also from now on will not expel any from before them of the nations that Joshua left when he died ;
And it happened that one was felling the log , and the iron fell into the water . And he cried out and said , Alas , my lord ! For it was borrowed .
He who reproves a scorner gets shame to himself ; and he who rebukes a wicked man gets his own blot .
And I went in and looked . And , behold , every form of creeping thing , and hateful beast , and all the idols of the house of Israel were carved on the wall all around .
And some of the Pharisees from the crowd said to Him , Teacher , rebuke your disciples .

Surely you have spoken in my ears , and I have heard the sound of words .
Now I have come to make you understand what shall happen to your people in the latter days . For the vision is yet for many days .
And I will also give you a new heart , and I will put a new spirit within you . And I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh , and I will give to you a heart of flesh .
And the hand of Jehovah was also against them , to destroy them from the midst of the camp , until they were consumed .
With the aged is wisdom , and understanding in the length of days .
The nobles of peoples gather together , the people of the God of Abraham . For the shields of the earth are God's ; He is greatly lifted up .
And they began to salute Him , Hail , king of the Jews !
I was cast on You from the womb , from My mother's belly , You are my God .
And if children , also heirs ; truly heirs of God , and joint-heirs of Christ , if indeed we suffer together , that we may also be glorified together .
And the king answered and said to the man of God , Please entreat the face of Jehovah your God , and pray for me , and my hand shall come back to me . And the man of God entreated the face of Jehovah , and the hand of the king came back to him , and it was as at the beginning .
You shall build the altar of Jehovah your God of uncut stones . And you shall offer burnt offerings on it to Jehovah your God .

Open your doors , O Lebanon , so that the fire may devour your cedars .
And the army of the Chaldeans pursued the king and overtook him in the plains of Jericho ; and all his army was scattered from him .
And if you say in your heart , Why do these things come upon me ? It is because of the greatness of your iniquity . Your skirts are bared ; your heels suffer violence .
And Bildad the Shuhite answered and said :
And the king of Israel said , Alas , that Jehovah has called these three kings to deliver them into the hand of Moab !
You know the thing that happened throughout all Judea , beginning from Galilee after the baptism that John proclaimed ,
And it happened , when David and his men came to Ziklag on the third day , the Amalekites had raided to the Negeb , even to Ziklag , and had struck Ziklag and burned it with fire .
And , now , I ask you , exchange pledges for yourself to my lord the king of Assyria , and I will give to you two thousand horses if you are able to give for yourself riders on them .
But those hearing were cut , and they took counsel to do away with them .
The young men saw me and hid themselves ; the aged rose up , stood up ;


A Song of Ascents . O Jehovah , remember David with all his afflictions ;
and He rained on them manna to eat ; and He gave the grain of the heavens to them .
And it shall be , when the soles of the feet of the priests bearing the ark of Jehovah , Lord of all the earth , come to rest in the waters of the Jordan , the waters of the Jordan shall be cut off , the waters which come down from above . And they shall stand in one heap .
But what does the Divine answer say to him , " I reserved to Myself seven thousand men who did not bow a knee to Baal . "
for he eating and drinking unworthily eats and drinks judgment to himself , not discerning the body of the Lord .
And He looked on their affliction when He heard their shout ;
O Jehovah , our Lord , how majestic is Your name in all the earth !
They went before my face in my day of calamity , but Jehovah was my support .
Of David . Bless Jehovah , O my soul ; and all within me , bless His holy name .
I gave My back to strikers , and My cheeks to pluckers ; I did not hide My face from shame and spitting .
And they did not understand these things , nothing ! And this saying had been hidden from them , and they did not know the things being said .
Even the darkness will not be dark from You , but the night shines as the day ; as is the darkness , so is the light .
For many will come in My name , saying , I am the Christ . And they will cause many to be led astray .
And she bore a son , a male , who is going to shepherd all the nations with an iron staff . And her child was caught away to God , and to His throne .
And coming , he lived in a city called Nazareth , so as to fulfill that spoken by the prophets , He shall be called a Nazarene .

For the kingdom of God is not in word , but in power .
And he gathered all the food of the seven years which were in the land of Egypt , and he put food in the cities . The food of the field of the city which was around it , he put in the middle of it .
And all went to be registered , each to his own city .

But you , O Daniel , shut up the words and seal the book , to the end time . Many shall run to and fro , and knowledge shall be increased .
And he washed the inward parts and the legs with water , and Moses burned it as incense with the whole ram on the altar ; it is a burnt offering , for a soothing fragrance ; it is a fire offering to Jehovah , as Jehovah had commanded Moses .
And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty years . He reigned seven years in Hebron , and he reigned thirty three years in Jerusalem .
Who knows the spirit of the sons of man , whether it goes upward ; and the spirit of the beast , whether it goes downward to the earth ?
If the foot says , Because I am not a hand , I am not of the body , on account of this , is it not of the body ?
If he is bringing near a sheep for his offering , then he shall bring it near before the face of Jehovah .
And you shall keep My commandments and shall do them ; I am Jehovah .
And He shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver ; and He shall purify the sons of Levi and purge them like gold and like silver , that they may be presenters of a food offering in righteousness to Jehovah .

And he also removed his mother Maachah from being queen , in that she made a horrid thing for Asherah . And Asa cut down her horrid thing and burned it by the torrent Kidron .

Your fearfulness has deceived you , the pride of your heart , you who live in the clefts of the rock , who hold the height of the hill . Though you should make your nest as high as the eagle , I will bring you down from there , declares Jehovah .
Because they ministered to them before their idols , and became a stumbling-block of iniquity to the house of Israel , therefore I have lifted up My hand against them , declares the Lord Jehovah . And they shall bear their iniquity .
These sought their register among those who were reckoned by genealogy , but it was not found . And they were polluted from the priesthood .
in the cave in the field of Machpelah , which is before Mamre , in the land of Canaan , the field which Abraham bought from Ephron the Hittite for a burying place .
And he said to them , What do you advise , and we shall answer the people who have spoken to me , saying , Lighten some of the yoke that your father put upon us ?


and covering the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah with ashes , He condemned them with an overthrow , setting an example to men intending to live ungodly .
And the border turned around from Baalah westward to Mount Seir , and passed toward the side of Mount Jearim on the north ( it is Chesalon ) and went down to Beth-shemesh , and passed along by Timnah ;
Jesus answered them , I told you , and you did not believe . The works which I do in the name of My Father , these bear witness about Me .
And Balak said to Balaam , Come , please , I will take you to another place . It may be that it will be right in the eyes of God to curse it for me from there .
Only , you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it as water on the earth .
An unjust man is an abomination to the righteous , and the upright of way are an abomination to the wicked .
Do not feed a possessor of anger , and do not go in with a man of fury ,
And Jehovah changed to a west wind , very strong . And it carried the locusts and threw them into the Sea of Reeds . Not one locust was left in all the territory of Egypt .
And they said to him , A hairy man , and a girdle of leather was girded about his loins . And he said , He is Elijah the Tishbite .
And the high priest and the chief of the Jews made a statement before him against Paul , and they begged him ,
The watchmen who went about the city found me and struck me ; they wounded me ; the keepers of the walls lifted my veil from me .
And I said , O my God , I am ashamed and wounded to lift up my face to You , O my God . For our iniquities have increased over our head , and our guiltiness has grown to the heavens .
and they brought up the ark , and the tabernacle of the congregation , and all the holy utensils that were in the tabernacle ; the Levitical priests brought them up .
The blessed soul will be made fat ; he who waters will also drink fully .

For so says the Lord Jehovah , How much more when the four of My evil judgments : sword , and famine , and evil beast , and plague I send on Jerusalem , to cut off from it man and beast !
Both trembling and being astonished he said , Lord , what do you desire me to do ? And the Lord said to him , Rise up and go into the city , and it will be told you what you must do .
sons of fools ; yea , sons without a name ; they have been whipped out of the land .
And in the same way the cup , after having supped , saying , This cup is the New Covenant in My blood , which is being poured out for you .
And he that steals a man and sells him , or if he is found in his hand , he shall surely be put to death .

But it is easier for the heaven and the earth to pass away than one tittle of the law to fail .
Nicodemus answered and said to Him , How can these things come about ?


There is a way that seems right to a man , but the end of it is the ways of death .
And I will set My face against that man , and I will make him desolate for a sign and for proverbs . And I will cut him off from the midst of My people . And you shall know that I am Jehovah .
And the overseer of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani , the son of Hashabiah , the son of Mattaniah , the son of Micha . Of the sons of Asaph , the singers were over the business of the house of God .
No man shall stand before you . Jehovah your God shall put your dread and your fear on the face of all the land on which you tread , as He has spoken to you .
As I live , states the Lord Jehovah , there is not any longer occasion to you to use this proverb in Israel .
Why was this ointment not sold for three hundred denarii and given to the poor ?
And to the angel of the church in Pergamos , write : These things says the One having the sharp , two-edged sword :
The sons of Immer were a thousand and fifty two .

And he took all the fat on the inward parts , and the fold above the liver , and the two kidneys , and their fat , and Moses burned it as incense on the altar .
And Jehovah shall give them up before your face , and you shall do to them according to all the command which I have commanded you .
And we ourselves shall go armed , hurrying before the sons of Israel , until we have brought them to their place . And our little ones shall live in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
And we said , And it shall be , when they say this to us , and to our generations hereafter , that we shall say , See the pattern of the altar of Jehovah , which our fathers made , not for burnt offering or for sacrifice , but it is a witness between us and you .
And may the Lord make you to increase and to abound in love toward one another and toward all , even as we also toward you ,
And Jesus said to him , Truly I say to you that today , in this night , before a cock crows twice , you will deny Me three times .
And I will beat down his foes before him , and plague those hating him .
And the fourth angel trumpeted . And the third part of the sun , and the third part of the moon , and the third part of the stars , was struck , that the third part of them might be darkened , and the third part of the day might not appear ; and in the same way the night .

Though it hails when the forest is felled , and the city is laid low ,
and Ishpan , and Eber , and Eliel ,
But their thoughts were hardened , for until the present the same veil remains on the reading of the Old Covenant , not being unveiled , that it is being done away in Christ .
and Bela , the son of Azaz , the son of Shema , the son of Joel , who lived in Aroer , even to Nebo and Baal-meon .
And He began to speak to them in parables : " A man planted a vineyard , and set a fence around it , " and dug a winevat , " and built a tower . " And he rented it to vinedressers and went away .
For he crushed and forsook the poor ; he stole a house , but he had not built it .
And coming to Jesus , they earnestly begged Him , saying , He to whom You give this is worthy .

And those seeing it related to them how it happened to the one who had been demon possessed , and about the pigs .

And he took his son , the firstborn who would reign in his place and caused him to go up for a burnt offering on the wall . And there was great wrath against Israel . And they left him and returned to the land .
And answering , Jesus said , Were not the ten cleansed ? But where are the nine ?
And it shall be said to Zion , This man and that man was born in her ; and the Highest Himself shall establish her .
At that time came and cut off the Anakim from the mountains , from Hebron , from Debir , from Anah , and from all the mountains of Judah , and from all the mountains of Israel . completely destroyed them with their cities .
Behold , you are the sons of Israel . Give here your advice and counsel .
And I will sow her to Me in the earth . And I will have mercy on No Mercy . And I will say to Not My People , You are My people ! And they shall say , My God !
and tasting the good Word of God , and the works of power of a coming age ,
And Jephthah passed over to the sons of Ammon to fight against them . And Jehovah delivered them into his hand .
Also My food which I gave you , fine flour and oil and honey which I fed you , you have given it to their face for a soothing aroma . And it happened , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And what father of you , if the son asks for bread , will he give him a stone ? And if a fish , will he give him a snake instead of a fish ?

and will make heard their voice against you , and will cry bitterly , and will cause to go up dust on their heads ; they will wallow in the ashes .
Then took another roll and gave it to Baruch the scribe , the son of Neriah , who wrote in it from the mouth of Jeremiah , all the words of the book which Jehoiakim , king of Judah , had burned in the fire . And many words like them were added to them .
Like bubbling water you shall not excel , for you went up to the bed of your father ; then you defiled it ; he went up to my couch .
And Jacob called his sons and said , Gather yourselves and I will tell you what will happen to you in the days to come .
And you shall bring into the ark two of every kind , of every living thing of all flesh , to keep alive with you ; they shall be male and female ;
and being found in fashion as a man , He humbled Himself , having become obedient until death , even the death of a cross .
And he saying these things , the king and the governor and Bernice rose up , and those who sat with them .
And David came to Mahanaim . And Absalom crossed the Jordan , he and all the men of Israel with him .
The woman said to Him , I know that Messiah is coming , the One called Christ . When that One comes , He will announce to us all things .
For as the new heavens and the new earth which I make stand before Me , declares Jehovah , so your seed and your name shall stand .
With Him is strength and sound wisdom ; the deceived and the deceiver are His .
But they did not listen , and Manasseh caused them to do evil above the nations that Jehovah had destroyed from before the sons of Israel .
Little children , yet a little while I am with you . You will seek Me ; and , as I said to the Jews , Where I go , you are not able to come ; I also say to you now .
And being puzzled as to this inquiry , I said , Did he desire to go to Jerusalem and to be judged there concerning these things ?

The mountain of Bashan is God's mountain ; the Bashan range is a mountain of peaks .
From the ground to above the door , cherubs and palm trees were made , and on the wall of the temple .
knowing that the proving of your faith works patience .
Send to all the exiles , saying , So says Jehovah concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite : Because Shemaiah has prophesied to you , and I did not send him ; and he caused you to trust in a lie ;
Sihon , king of the Amorites ; for His mercy endures forever ;
You have heard that it was said : " An eye for an eye , and a tooth for a tooth ; "
Let the peoples give thanks to You , O God ; let all the peoples give thanks to You .
And now they sin more and more , and they have made themselves a molten image of their silver , idols according to their own understanding , all of it the work of the craftsmen . They say to them , Let men , those who sacrifice , kiss calves .
Because you have saddened the heart of the righteous with lies , and I have not made him sad , and you have made the hands of the wicked strong , so that he should not turn from his evil way , to keep him alive .
Serug , Nahor , Terah ,

Jesus answered , I told you that I AM ; then if you seek Me , allow these to depart ,
May the nations serve you and peoples bow to you ; be a ruler to your brothers , and may your mother's sons bow to you , and cursed be those who curse you , and blessed be those who bless you .
Even so man lies down and does not rise until the heavens are no more , they shall not awake , nor be roused out of their sleep .
And Joab saw that the face of the battle was against him before and behind ; and he chose out all the choice ones in Israel , and set in order to meet Syria ;
And they sing the song of Moses the slave of God , and the song of the Lamb , saying , Great and marvelous are Your works , Lord God Almighty , righteous and true are Your ways , King of the saints .
And the Levites cleansed themselves , and washed their garments . And Aaron waved them as a wave offering before Jehovah ; and Aaron atoned for them , to cleanse them .
But why do you judge your brother ? Or why also do you despise your brother ? For all shall stand before the judgment seat of Christ .
And when they came to the regions of the Jordan in the land of Canaan , then the sons of Reuben , and the sons of Gad , and the half tribe of Manasseh built an altar there by the Jordan , an altar of grand appearance .
My servants will bring it down from Lebanon to the sea . And I will make floats for them in the sea to go to the place that you tell me . And I will spread them out there ; and you shall take them up . And you shall do what I desire , to give food for my house .
Even as the Father knows Me , I also know the Father ; and I lay down My life for the sheep .
And Jehovah could no longer bear because of the evil of your doings , because of the detestable things you have committed . For this reason your land is a waste , and a horror , and a curse , without inhabitant , as this day .
I say to you , even if rising up he will not give to him because he is a friend , yet because of his shameless insisting , rising up he will give him as many as he needs .
And it happened , as they pulled up stakes from the east , they found a level valley in the land of Shinar . And they lived there .
Do you intend to criticize words , and the speeches of one who is hopeless , that are as wind ?
And the plenty in the land will not be remembered because of that famine afterwards ; for it will be very severe

and he who eats of its dead body shall wash his garments and shall be unclean until the evening ; and he who lifts up its dead body shall wash his garments and shall be unclean until the evening .
And they rose early on the morrow , and they offered burnt offerings and brought near peace offerings . And the people sat down to eat and drink , and rose up to play .
I clothe the heavens with blackness , and sackcloth makes their covering .
And Judas , the one betraying Him , also knew the place , because Jesus many times assembled there with His disciples .
And king David sent and took him out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel , of Lodebar .
For this My people go into exile without knowledge , and his men of glory into famine ; and his multitude is parched with thirst .
The sons of Shem were Elam , and Asshur , and Arphaxad , and Lud , and Aram , and Uz , and Hul , and Gether , and Meshech .


lest he tear my soul like a lion , ripping , and there be no one to deliver .
He shall redeem their souls from oppression and violence ; and their blood shall be precious in His eyes .
And going , the one who received the five talents worked with them and made another five talents .
Tzaddi . O Jehovah , You are righteous , and Your judgments right .
As the host of the heavens cannot be numbered , nor the sand of the sea measured , so I will multiply the seed of My servant David , and the Levites who minister to Me .
For all His judgments were before me . As to His statutes , I did not turn away from them .
And I know that I will come to you in the fullness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ when I come .
And Jehovah their God shall save them in that day as the flock of His people ; for they are as stones of a crown , lifted up as a barrier over His land .
Do not go up , for Jehovah is not in your midst , even that you shall not be defeated by your enemies .
And Moses assembled all the congregation of the sons of Israel and said to them , These are the words which Jehovah has commanded , to do them :
And he made fifty loops on the edge of the last curtain at the juncture ; and he made fifty loops on the edge of the curtain that joined the second .
the sons of Barkos , the sons of Sisera , the sons of Thamah ,
Oh that my vexation were carefully weighed , and my ruin lifted in the balances together !
Yes , in heart you work the evil , you weigh the violence of your hands in the land .
Speak to the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , The appointed feasts of Jehovah which you shall proclaim , holy gatherings , shall be these : These are My appointed seasons :
And the king commanded . And they brought Daniel , and they threw him into the lions' den . The king spoke and said to Daniel , Your God whom you constantly serve will deliver you .
And it happened , when Gideon was dead , the sons of Israel rebelled and went whoring after the Baals , and appointed Baalberith for a god for themselves .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Then also the Pharisees again asked him how he received sight . And he said to them , He put clay on my eyes , and I washed , and I see .
A man cannot at all redeem a brother , nor give to God a ransom for him ,
Hell and destruction are before Jehovah ; even more the hearts of the sons of men !
But he that denies me before man shall be denied before the angels of God .
And it happened on that night , Jehovah said to him , Take your father's bullock , and the second bullock of seven years ; and you shall throw down the altar of Baal which belongs to your father , and you shall cut down the pillar beside it .

For You are He , my Taker from the womb ; causing me to trust on My mother's breasts .
And they gave all the strange gods in their hand to Jacob , and the earrings which were in their ears . And Jacob hid them under the oak which was near Shechem .
And they shall fight against you ; but they shall not overcome you . For I am with you to deliver you , declares Jehovah .
So I will shake the heavens , and the earth shall move out of its place , in the wrath of Jehovah of Hosts , and in the day of His fierce anger .
The length of the board was ten cubits , and a cubit and a half was the width of the one board .
Moab is broken up ; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard .
And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of his life .
Jerusalem is built like a city that is joined to itself , together .
saying to them , It has been written , " My house is a house of prayer , " but you made it " a den of robbers . "

And they had then a notable prisoner named Barabbas .
You shall have a perfect and just weight ; you shall have a perfect and just ephah ; so that they prolong your days in the land which Jehovah your God is giving to you .
And in the ninth year of his reign , in the tenth month , in the tenth day of the month , king Nebu-chadnezzar of Babylon came , he and all his army against Jerusalem , and pitched against it , and built a siege wall against it all around .
Proud , haughty scorner is his name , he who deals in proud wrath .
Erastus remained in Corinth , but I left Trophimus sick in Miletus .
And Solomon built the house , and finished it .
And they each one went to his house .
Shallum was his son ; Mibsam , his son ; Mishma , his son .
But after the sabbaths , at the dawning of the first of the sabbaths , Mary Magdalene and the other Mary came to see the grave .
But those having purposed to be rich fall into temptation , and a snare , and many foolish and hurtful lusts , which plunge men into destruction and loss .
Faithful is the Word : for if we died with Him , we also shall live with Him ;
I am Jehovah , your Holy One , the Creator of Israel , your King .

And they related the things in the highway , and how He was known to them in the breaking of the loaf .
And Jacob's anger glowed against Rachel , and he said , Am I in God's place , who has kept back from you the fruit of the womb ?
then you shall prosper , if you observe to do the statutes and the judgments that Jehovah commanded Moses as to Israel ; be strong and courageous ; do not fear , nor be cast down .
Listen and hear My voice ; pay attention and hear My word :
But Jesus kept silent . And answering , the high priest said to Him , I adjure you by the living God that you tell us if you are the Christ , the Son of God .
And the Spirit of Jehovah was put on him , and he judged Israel . And he went out to war , and Jehovah gave Chushan-rishathaim the king of Mesopotamia into his hand . And his hand had power against Chushanrishathaim .
You shall live in booths seven days ; all who are homeborn in Israel shall live in booths ,
Yea , Jehovah is also giving Israel into the hand of the Philistines along with you . And tomorrow you and your sons will be with me . And Jehovah will give the army of Israel into the hand of the Philistines .
Philip answered Him , Loaves for two hundred denarii are not enough for them , that each of them may receive a little .
But if anyone has grieved , he has not grieved me , but in part , that I not overbear all of you .
For this our heart is faint ; our eyes are dim for these things .
Do they provoke Me , says Jehovah ? Is it not themselves , to the shame of their own faces ?
at its last it bites like a snake , and it stings like a basilisk .
My God is my rock ; I shall take refuge in Him ; my shield , and the horn of my salvation , my high tower , and my refuge ! My Savior , You shall save me from violence .
Then having these promises , beloved , let us cleanse ourselves from all defilements of flesh and of spirit , perfecting holiness in the fear of God .
But he shall acknowledge the first-born , the son of the hated one , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the firstfruit of his strength , the right of the first-born is his .
Come up to me and help me . And we shall strike Gibeon , for it has made peace with Joshua , and with the sons of Israel .
let him drink and forget his poverty , and remember his misery no more .
Blow a horn in Gibeah , a trumpet in Ramah . Cry aloud , Bethaven ; after you , O Benjamin .
and unleavened bread , and unleavened cakes poured over with oil , and unleavened waters anointed with oil ; you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
On account of this , flee from idolatry , my beloved .
where Jesus entered as forerunner for us , having become a High Priest forever , according to the order of Melchizedek .


The Lord Jehovah made me see this : And , behold , a basket of summer fruit !
He who assaults his father chases his mother away , he is a son who causes shame and brings reproach .
which is His body : the fullness of Him filling all things in all ;
And running near Philip heard him reading the prophet Isaiah , and said , Indeed , do you know what you are reading ?
But My faithfulness and My mercy is with him ; and his horn shall be exalted in My name .
And they killed the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes , and blinded Zedekiah's eyes , and bound him with bronze fetters and caused him to go to Babylon .
And I will answer my reprover a word ; for I trust in Your word .

Let sinners perish from the earth and let the wicked be no more ; bless Jehovah , O my soul ; praise Jehovah !
Which things indeed have a reputation of wisdom in self-imposed worship and humility , and unsparing severity of the body , not in any honor with respect to gratification of the flesh .
And I will remember My covenant which is between Me and you , and every living soul in all flesh . And the waters shall not again become a flood to destroy all flesh .
Behold , I am against you , declares Jehovah of hosts , and I will uncover your skirts over your face , and I will cause the nations to see your nakedness , and the kingdoms your shame .
And David said , My son Solomon is a youth and tender , and the house to be built to Jehovah is to be made great , to a height , for a name and for beauty to all the land ; I pray You , let me prepare for it . And David prepared in abundance before his death .
But they also have gone astray by wine , and have erred through fermented drink ; priest and prophet have erred through fermented drink ; they have been swallowed by wine ; they strayed from fermented drink ; they err in seeing ; they stumble in judgment ;
And this is the message which we have heard from Him , and we announce to you : God is light , and no darkness is in Him , none !

And now , our God , we are giving thanks to You , and giving praise to Your glorious name ;
The sons of Simeon according to their families : of Nemuel , the family of the Nemuelites ; of Jamin , the family of the Jaminites ; of Jachin , the family of the Jachinites ;
You stand on your sword , and you each do abominations , defiling his neighbor's wife . And shall you possess the land ?
If a person commits a trespass and sins in ignorance against the holy things of Jehovah , then he shall bring his guilt offering to Jehovah , a ram , a perfect one out of the flock , at your evaluation in silver shekels , by the shekel of the sanctuary , for a guilt offering .
Then came from Tophet , where Jehovah had sent him there to prophesy . And he stood in the court of the house of Jehovah , and he said to all the people ,
For I have set My face against this city for evil , and not for good , says Jehovah . It shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall burn it with fire .
And if the sacrifice of his offering is a vow , or freewill offering , in the day he brings his sacrifice near , it shall be eaten . And on the morrow the rest of it shall also be eaten .
And He said to her , Because of this word , go . The demon has gone out from your daughter .
And from the base on the ground to the lower ledge shall be two cubits , and the width one cubit . And from the smaller ledge to the greater ledge shall be four cubits , and the width a cubit .
and they went up and down , from nation to nation , and from one kingdom to another people .
For , I beg you , ask of the former generation , and prepare to the search of their fathers ;
And Aaron the priest went up into Mount Hor at the mouth of Jehovah ; and he died there in the fortieth year after the sons of Israel had come out of the land of Egypt , in the fifth month , on the first of the month .
And Gideon came , and the hundred men with him , to the edge of the camp at the beginning of the middle watch ; and they had but newly set the watch . And they blew with the ram's horns , and shattered the jars in their hand .
According to all which Jehovah commanded Moses , so did the sons of Israel , all the work .
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;
And I answered and said to him , What are these two olive trees on the right of the lampstand , and on its left ?
Since many took in hand to draw up an account concerning the matters having been borne out among us ,
And you shall bring forth your vessels as vessels for exile by day in their sight . And you shall go forth at evening in their sight , as those going into exile .
and the rest of the number of the archers , the warriors of the sons of Kedar , shall be few . For Jehovah God of Israel has spoken .
And the border shall turn from Azmon to the torrent of Egypt , and its border shall be at the sea .
And everyone who left houses , or brothers , or sisters , or father , or mother , or wife , or children , or lands , for My name's sake , shall receive a hundredfold , and shall inherit everlasting life .
Therefore , I desire the young women to marry , to bear children , to rule the house , giving no occasion to the adversary on account of reproach .
you shall not fight against them , for I will not give their land to you , even to a step of a sole of a foot , for I have given Mount Seir to Esau as a possession .
For You will light my lamp ; Jehovah my God will make my darkness light .
And you also witness , because from the beginning you are with Me .
Therefore , brothers , I call on you through the compassions of God to present your bodies a living sacrifice , holy , pleasing to God , which is your reasonable service .
And afterward he read all the words of the law , the blessing and the curse , according to all that was written in the book of the law .
There shall be one law and one ordinance both for you and for the alien that lives with you .
the fifth to Malchijah , the sixth to Mijamin ,
Surely , God has heard ; He has attended to the voice of my prayer .
And opening his mouth , and beginning from this Scripture , Philip announced the gospel to him , Jesus .
Take the band that you bought , which is on your loins , and rise up . Go to Euphrates and hide it there in the cleft of the rock .
You have sent widows away empty , and have crushed the arms of orphans .
And he said , I have been very zealous for Jehovah the God of Hosts , for the sons of Israel have forsaken Your covenant ; they have thrown down Your altars , and they have killed Your prophets with the sword , and I am left , I alone , and they seek to take my life .

saying in a great voice , Fear God , and give glory to Him , because the hour of His judgment has come ; also , Worship " Him who has made the heaven , and the earth , and the sea , " and the fountains of waters .
Behold , their good is not in their hand ! The counsel of the wicked is far from me .
Their judges have been dashed against the rock ; they shall hear my words for they are pleasant .
And He made every nation of men of one blood , to live on all the face of the earth , ordaining fore-appointed seasons and boundaries of their dwelling ,
Shall the plunder be taken from the warrior , or the righteous captive escape ?
And the rest of the acts of Joash , and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
And Abimelech ruled over Israel three years .

And you have also set up prophets to preach about you at Jerusalem , saying , A king in Judah ! And now it shall be reported to the king according to these words . Therefore , come now and let us talk it over together .

For the word of Jehovah is right , and all His works are in truth .
And Moses commanded the sons of Israel according to the mouth of Jehovah , saying , The tribe of the sons of Joseph speak right .
And Zebul , the leader of the city , heard the words of Gaal , the son of Ebed ; and his anger glowed .
And He asked them , How many loaves do you have ? And they said , Seven .
But Peter said , Not at all , Lord , because I never did eat anything common or unclean .
Just a little way your servant shall cross over the Jordan with the king . And why should the king repay me with this reward ?
You shall be cursed in the city , and you shall be cursed in the field .
And Isaiah the prophet cried to Jehovah ; and He brought back the shadow by the steps the shadow had gone down on the sundial of Ahaz , ten steps backward .
But I had given no credit to their words , until I had come and my eyes had seen . And , behold , there was not declared to me half of the abundance of your wisdom . You exceeded the report that I heard .
The sons of Bethlehem , a hundred and twenty three .
They shall not labor in vain , nor bring forth for terror . For they are the seed of the beloved ones of Jehovah , and their offspring with them .
My brothers count it all joy when you fall into various trials ,

and he comes forth like a bridegroom from his canopy . He rejoices like a hero to run a race ;
Behold , I cry out , Violence ! And I am not answered ; I cry aloud , but there is no justice .
Give attention to yourself and to the doctrine ; continue in them , for doing this , you will both deliver yourself and those hearing you .
And the one woman said , O my lord , this woman and I were living in one house . And I gave birth , with her in the house .
And Jehovah said to Samuel , Until when will you mourn for Saul , for I have rejected him from reigning over Israel ? Fill your horn with oil and go . I will send you to Jesse the Bethlehemite , for I have seen a king for Me among his sons .
And he made fall lots ; as the small , as the great , for the house of their fathers , for gate and gate .
" Land of Zebulun and land of Naphtali , way of the sea , beyond the Jordan , Galilee of the nations :

For Jehovah your God , He is the God of gods , and the Lord of lords ; the great , the mighty , the fearful God who does not lift up faces , nor take a bribe .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Stretch out your hand for the locusts over the land of Egypt , so that they may go up on the land of Egypt and may eat every plant of the land , all that the hail left .
Make us glad according to the days of our affliction , the years in which we have seen evil .
And cast lots for them in Shiloh before Jehovah . And apportioned the land to the sons of Israel there , according to their divisions .
The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life ; and he who takes souls is wise .
Let Your hand help me ; for I have chosen Your precepts
Also there will be great earthquakes from place to place , and famines , and plagues . And also there will be terrors and great signs from Heaven .
They say to those who despise Me , Jehovah has said , You shall have peace . And they say to everyone who walks in the stubbornness of his own heart , Evil shall not come on you .
and cried with a great voice , as a lion roars . And when he cried , the seven thunders spoke their sounds .
I am a laughingstock to his friends ; calling on God , and He answers him ; the just , the upright one is a mockery ;
And the people murmured against Moses , saying , What shall we drink ?
And answering them , He said , O unbelieving generation ! How long will I be with you ? How long shall I endure you ? Bring him to Me .
Attend to my cry ; for I am brought very low ; deliver me from those who pursue me ; for they are stronger than I .
And Aaron said to them , Break off the rings of gold which are in the ears of your wives , your sons and your daughters ; and bring them to me .
So says Jehovah , If you can break My covenant of the day , and My covenant of the night , and there should not be day and night in their time ,
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with all of you . Amen .

When a man has a rising in the skin of his flesh , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it shall become in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought in to Aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests .
Not any from the rulers or from the Pharisees believed into him ?
These have one mind , and their power and authority they shall give up to the beast .
And Omri laid down with his fathers , and was buried in Samaria . And his son Ahab reigned in his place .
Have You not made a hedge for him , and for his house , and for all that is his all around ? You have blessed the work of his hands , and his livestock have increased in the land .
Louder than the voice of the dividers between the watering places there , they shall tell of the righteous acts of Jehovah , the righteous acts of His leaders in Israel . Then the people of Jehovah went down to the gates .
Then you will begin to say , We ate and drank in Your presence , and You taught in our streets .
They have crossed the ford ; they have bedded down at Geba ; Ramah is afraid ; Gibeah of Saul has fled .
Then He said to His disciples , The harvest truly is great , but the workers few .
For the Law makes men high priests who have infirmity , but the word of the swearing of an oath , after the Law , appoints the Son forever , having been perfected .
All these had risen with foreign women ; and there were some of them with women , and they gave sons .
And certain of the sons of the priests mixed the mixture for spices .
And you know , too , Philippians , that in the beginning of the gospel , when I went out from Macedonia , not one church shared with me in the matter of giving and receiving , except you only .
The sons of Lod , Hadid , and Ono were seven hundred and twenty one .
And they said to Him , Do you hear what these say ? And Jesus said to them , Yes . Did you never read , " Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings You have perfected praise ? "
How Esau is searched out ! His hidden things are sought out !
And the king said to the Cushite , Peace to the young man , to Absalom ? And the Cushite said , Let them be as the young man , the enemies of my lord the king , and all who have risen up against you for evil .
And also cedar trees without number , for the Sidonians and the Tyrians brought in cedar trees in abundance to David .
And he shall plant his palace tents between the seas , in the glorious holy mountain . Yet he shall come to his end , and there is not a helper for him .
Everyone who has been begotten of God does not sin , because His seed abides in him , and he is not able to sin , because he has been born of God .
And it happened on the day that Moses finished setting up the tabernacle , he anointed it , and sanctified it , and all its vessels , and the altar and all its vessels . And he anointed them and sanctified them .
But now , indeed , many are the members , but one body .
And he told us how he saw an angel in his house , standing and saying to him , Send men to Joppa , and send for Simon who is surnamed Peter ,
Israel is a scattered sheep , driven away by lions . First , the king of Assyria devoured him . And last , this king Nebu-chadnezzar of Babylon crunched him .

nor to build houses for us for our dwelling ; nor do we have a vineyard , or field , or seed .
And Moses said to Aaron , Take a pitcher and put manna there . the fullness of an omer , and lay it up before Jehovah , to keep for your generations .

And he said to the king , Do not let my lord charge iniquity to me , nor shall you remember that which your servant perversely did in the day that my lord the king went out from Jerusalem , for the king to take it to his heart .
When Esau heard the words of his father he cried out a great and very bitter cry . And he said to his father , Bless me , me also , my father .
Who is the wise man that can understand this ? And he to whom the mouth of Jehovah has spoken , that he may declare it ? Why does the land perish ? It is burned up like the wilderness , so that no one passes through .
He asked , and He brought quail ; and satisfied them with the food from the heavens .
Chief Magdiel , Chief Iram . These were the chiefs of Edom , according to their dwellings , in the land of their possession ; he is Esau , the father of Edom .
So that the one resisting authority has opposed the ordinance of God , and the ones opposing will receive judgment to themselves .
For she said , If I may but touch His garments , I will be cured .
By this we have known the love of God , because that One laid down His life for us ; and on behalf of the brothers we ought to lay down our lives .
and does not bring it in to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation to offer it to Jehovah , that man shall be cut off from his people .
They say to their mothers , Where are grain and wine ? In their fainting , they are like the wounded in the plazas of the city , in their pouring out their lives to their mothers' bosom .
And he said to them , No , but you have come to see the bareness of the land .

By faith he made the Passover , and the sprinkling of blood , that the destroyer of the first-born might not touch them .
Then the Jews said , Will he kill himself , because he says , Where I go , you are not able to come ?
I will offer burnt sacrifices of fatlings to You , with the incense of rams ; I will offer bulls with goats . Selah .
And this shall be a sign to you , says Jehovah , that I will punish you in this place , so that you may know that My words shall surely stand against you for evil :
One of the servants answered and said , Behold , I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite who is skillful in playing , and a mighty warrior , and a man of battle , and skillful in speech , and a man of form . And Jehovah is with him .
And this became known to all , both Jews and Greeks , those living in Ephesus . And fear fell on them all , and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified .
And you shall cause the Levites to stand before Aaron and before his sons , and shall wave them as a wave offering to Jehovah .
And Joshua the son of Nun , minister to Moses , of his young men , answered and said , My lord Moses , stop them .

They have acted treacherously against Jehovah , for they have brought forth strange sons . Now a new moon shall devour them with their portions .
And said , If the unclean of body touches these , is it unclean ? And the priests answered and said , It is unclean .
And going forward a little , He fell on the ground and prayed that if it were possible , the hour might pass from Him .
How alone sits the city that was full of people ! She has become like a widow , great among the nations ; A noblewoman among the provinces has become a payer of tribute .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Speak to the priests , Aaron's sons , and you shall say to them , None shall be defiled for the dead among his people .
every raven according to its kind ;
Behold , I will do a new thing ; now it shall sprout . Shall you not know it ? I will even make a way in the wilderness , rivers in the desert .
All nations whom You have made shall come and worship before You ; yea , Lord , they shall glorify Your name .

And they went up from Egypt and came into the land of Canaan , to their father Jacob .

And the fourth kingdom shall be as strong as iron . Inasmuch as iron crushes and smashes all things , and as the iron that shatters all these , it will crush and shatter .
And he having arrived , the Jews coming down from Jerusalem stood around , also bringing many weighty charges against Paul , which they were not able to prove .

One tearing himself in his anger , shall the earth be forsaken for your sake ? Or shall the rock move from its place ?
Do not cut off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites .
And he said , I have kept all these from my youth .
before Jehovah ; for He comes ; for He comes to judge the earth ; He shall judge the world with righteousness , and the people with His faithfulness .
So I prophesied as He commanded me , and the Spirit came into them . And they lived and stood on their feet , a very great army .
And the demons begged Him , saying , If You cast us out , allow us to go away into the herd of pigs .
the gold of that land is good ; there is bdellium gum resin , and the onyx stone .
And Saul said to Jehovah , the God of Israel , Give a perfect lot . And Jonathan and Saul were taken , and the people went out .
And Achish replied and said to David , I know that you are good in my eyes , like an angel of God . But the rulers of the Philistines have said , He shall not go up with us into battle .
It is good for a man that he bear a yoke in his youth .
It is a jubilee , the fiftieth year ; it is a year to you . You shall not sow , nor reap that which grows of itself , nor gather from its unkept vines ;
And these are the names of the men : Of the tribe of Judah , Caleb the son of Jephunneh ;
And the sons of Beriah : Heber and Malchiel ; he is the father of Birzavith .
They were eating , drinking , marrying , giving in marriage , until the day Noah went into the ark . And the flood came and destroyed all .
And it happened in the twelfth year , in the twelfth month , on the first of the month , the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
And I looked , and behold , a likeness as the look of fire , from the appearance of His loins and downward , like fire , and from His loins and upward , as the look of brightness , like the color of polished bronze .
So says Jehovah : Even those leaning on Egypt shall fall , and the pride of her power shall go down . From Migdol to Syene they shall fall with her by the sword , declares the Lord Jehovah .
All this is against the transgression of Jacob , and against the sins of the house of Israel . What is the transgression of Jacob ? Is it not Samaria ? And what are the high places of Judah ? Are they not Jerusalem ?
his sons be orphans , and his wife a widow ;

Then David said , None should bear the ark of God except the Levites , for Jehovah had chosen them to bear the ark of God , and to serve Him forever .
Jehoiakim was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign , and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem . And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah his God .
And refuge has perished from the shepherds , and escape from the leaders of the flock .

For the king of Babylon shall stand at the mother of the way , at the head of the two ways to practice divination . He shall shake arrows , he shall ask household idols ; he shall look at the liver .
Simon , whom He also named Peter ; and his brother Andrew ; James and John ; Philip and Bartholomew ;
And David was dancing with all his might before Jehovah . And David was girded with a linen ephod .

Fear not , beasts of the field , for the pastures of the wilderness grow green , for the tree bears its fruit , the fig tree and the vine give their strength .
And God heard the voice of the young boy . And the angel of God called to Hagar out of the heavens . And He said to her , What ails you , Hagar ? Do not fear , for God has heard the voice of the boy , there where he is .
Bind up the testimony , seal the law among My disciples .
you shall set apart to Jehovah every one opening the womb , and every firstling , the offspring of animals which are yours ; the males are Jehovah's .
So prophesy concerning the land of Israel , and say to the mountains and to the hills , to the ravines and to the valleys , So says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I have spoken in My jealousy and in My fury , because you have borne the shame of the nations .

And having looked around on them with anger , being greatly grieved over the hardness of their heart , He said to the man , Stretch out your hand ! And he stretched out , and his hand was restored sound as the other .
Then Rehum the master of counsel , and Shimshai the scribe , and the rest of their associates , the judges and the emissaries , the consuls , the officials , the Erechites , the Babylonians , the men of Susa , ( that is , the Elamites ) ,
And Moab rebelled against Israel after the death of Ahab .
And it happened as if it were a light thing , that he walked in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , that he took a wife , Jezebel the daughter of Ethbaal , the king of the Sidonians , and went and served Baal , and bowed himself to it .
Let the proud be ashamed , for with lies they perverted me ; I will muse on Your precepts .

And it happened while the sound of the ram's horn was sounding , and becoming very strong , Moses spoke . And God answered him by a voice .
Yea , the Almighty shall be your gold and silver , a tower to you ,

And the priest shall atone for him , for his sin which he sinned from one of these ; and it shall be forgiven him . And it shall be for the priest as a food offering .
Also he has not seen nor known the sun ; this one has more rest than that one .
And He said to them , Because of this , every scribe schooled to the kingdom of Heaven is like a man , a master of a house , who puts forth out of his treasure new and old .
do not harden your hearts , as in the provocation , in the day of temptation in the wilderness ,
For behold , I will send serpents among you , vipers for which there is no charm ; and they will bite you , says Jehovah .
And Israel said to Joseph , This time let me die after seeing your face , because you are still alive .
And they shall look to the land . And , behold , trouble and darkness and gloom of anguish ; and they are driven to darkness .
My Beloved answered and said to me , Arouse yourself , My love , My beautiful one , and come away .
And the hairs of His head were white as white wool , as snow , and His eyes as a flame of fire ;
And Jehovah said to Joshua , Stretch out the javelin in your hand toward Ai . For I will give it into your hand . And stretched out the javelin in his hand toward the city .
Now listen to my voice . I will counsel you , and may God be with you . You be for this people before God , and you bring the matters to God .
And I , Daniel , looked . And , behold ! Another two stood there , the one on this side , and one on that side of the river's edge .
For the kingdom of God is not eating and drinking , but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Spirit .
And the one said , Please be willing , and go with your servants . And he said , I will surely go .
Now I have been twenty years in your house ; I served you fourteen years for your two daughters and six years for your flock . And you have changed my wages ten times .
by whom we received grace and apostleship to obedience of faith among all the nations , for His name's sake ,
Then Pilate again called out , desiring to release Jesus .
And over the army of the tribe of the sons of Benjamin was Abidan the son of Gideoni .
nor shall he come near any dead person ; he shall not defile himself for his father or for his mother ;
And you , My flock , so says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I judge between lamb and lamb , between rams and he goats .
Even those Cyrus king of Persia brought forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to Sheshbazzar , the prince of Judah .
And if they are bound in chains , or caught in cords of affliction ,

behold , I am building a house to the name of Jehovah my God , to dedicate to Him , to burn incense of sweet spices before Him , and for the continual bread of arrangement , and for burnt offerings morning and evening , on the sabbath , and on the new moons , and at the set feasts of Jehovah our God . This shall be upon Israel forever .
For the One whom God sent speaks the words of God , for God does not give the Spirit by measure .
Only , they did not turn aside from the sins of the house of Jeroboam , who caused Israel to sin ; he walked in it , and also the Asherah remained in Samaria .
And it happened , when Jehoram saw Jehu , he said , Peace , Jehu ? And he said , What peace , so long as the whoredoms of your mother Jezebel and her sorceries are so many ?
I am the God of Bethel , there where you anointed the pillar , where you vowed a vow to Me . Now rise up ; go out of this land and go back to the land of your kindred .
And I said , What shall I do , Lord ? And the Lord said to me , Rising up , go into Damascus , and there you will be told about all things which are appointed to you to do .
And I said , What are these coming to do ? And He spoke , saying , These are the horns which have scattered Judah , so that no man lifts up his head . But these have come to terrify them , to throw down the horns of the nations who lifted up their horn over the land of Judah , to scatter it .
They have made for you all your planks of fir trees of Senir . they have taken a cedar from Lebanon to make a mast for you .
to wrong a man in his cause . This , the Lord does not see .
And I sent messengers from the wilderness of Kedemoth to Sihon the king of Heshbon with words of peace , saying ,
And voices and thunders and lightnings occurred . And a great earthquake occurred , such as did not occur since man came into being on the earth , such a huge earthquake , so great !
The salt is good , but if the salt becomes tasteless , with what will it be seasoned ?

And he struck Nob , the city of the priests with the mouth of the sword , from man even to woman , from child even to suckling , and ox , and ass , and sheep , with the mouth of the sword .

The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenty , but those of every hasty one only to poverty .
And Moses and Aaron did all these miracles before Pharaoh . And Jehovah hardened the heart of Pharaoh , and he did not send away the sons of Israel from his land .
King David also dedicated them to Jehovah , with the silver and the gold which he dedicated of all the nations which he subdued :
And Balaam rose up in the morning and saddled his ass and went with the leaders of Moab .
And now I come to You , and I speak these things in the world , that they may have My joy fulfilled in them .
And the man said to me , Son of man , look with your eyes , and hear with your ears , and set your heart on all that I shall show you . For in order to show you , you are brought here . Declare to the house of Israel all that you see .
each one knowing that whatever good thing he does , this he shall receive from the Lord , whether a slave or a freeman .
So I will sing praise to Your name forever , so that I may pay my vows day by day .
And the sons of Israel came into the middle of the sea on dry ground , the waters being a wall to them from their right and from their left .
If the clouds are full of rain , they empty on the earth . And if the tree falls in the south , or in the north , in the place where the tree falls , there it shall be .
And he allowing him , standing on the stairs , Paul signaled with his hand to the people . And much silence taking place , he spoke in the Hebrew dialect , saying ,
And he said to her , If they really bind me with new ropes , by which no work has been done , then I shall be weak and shall be as any human being .
You have despised My holy things and have profaned My sabbaths .
Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , says , Behold , I am punishing the multitudes of No , and Pharaoh , and Egypt , with her gods and her kings , even Pharaoh and those who trust in him .
and have torn the kingdom from the house of David , and have given it to you , and you have not been as My servant David who kept My commandments , and who walked after Me with all his heart , to do only that which is right in My eyes ;
and Gera , and Shephuphan , and Huram .


And they were Mary Magdalene , and Joanna , and Mary mother of James , and the rest with them , who told these things to the apostles .
And Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead , Have you not hated me ? Yea , you threw me out from my father's house . Why have you come to me when you are in distress ?
I have not concealed Your righteousness in My heart ; I speak Your faithfulness and Your salvation . I have not hidden Your loving-kindness and Your truth for the great assembly .
But He saves the needy from the sword , from their mouth , and from the hand of the mighty .
Examine me , O Jehovah , and prove me ; purify my reins and my heart .
See , this day your eyes have seen how Jehovah has delivered you today into my hand in the cave . And one said to kill you , but I had pity on you . And I said , I shall not put out my hand against my lord , for he is the anointed of Jehovah .
You have made his glory to cease and have hurled his throne to the ground .
And having been warned by a dream not to return to Herod , they went back into their own country by another way .
But answering , He said to them , It is one from the Twelve , the one dipping in the dish with Me .
And you have an anointing from the Holy One , and you know all things .

the two pillars , and the bowls , and the capitals on the top of the two pillars , and the two net-works to cover the two bowls of the capitals that were on the tops of the pillars ;
What are you plotting against Jehovah ? He will make an utter end ; distress shall not rise up a second time .
that the manslayer might flee there , he who killed his neighbor unawares , and did not hate him in times before , and that he fleeing to one of these cities might live :
Tell me , You whom my soul loves , where do You feed ; where do You lie down at noon ? For why should I be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of Your companions ?
O Jehovah God of Hosts , until when will You smoke against the prayer of Your people ?
Woe to you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites ! For you devour the houses of widows , and pray at length as a pretext . Because of this you will receive more abundant judgment .
And they sinned against the God of their fathers , and went lusting after the gods of the people of the land , whom God destroyed before them .
His bow abides in strength , and the hands of his arms are made agile by the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob , from the Shepherd , the Rock of Israel .

And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred and ninety five years . And he died .
And that year ended , and they came in to him in the second year and said to him , We cannot hide from my lord that the silver and the livestock of the animals have failed , going to my lord . Nothing is left before my lord except our bodies and our lands .
Heal me , O Jehovah , and I will be healed ; save me , and I will be saved ; for You are my praise .
For this reason , receiving an unshakable kingdom , let us have grace , by which we may serve God pleasingly , with reverence and awe ;
And answering , Him , Peter said , Lord , if it is You , command me to come to You on the waters .
And Manoah rose up and went after his wife , and came to the Man . And he said to Him , Are You the Man who spoke to the woman ? And He said , I am .
For I , Jehovah , will speak . The word which I shall speak shall be done , it shall not be drawn out again . For in your days , O house of rebellion , I will say the word and will do it , declares the Lord Jehovah .
Better is a little with righteousness than great increase without right .
this is the word Jehovah has spoken about him : The virgin , the daughter of Zion , has despised you , laughing you to scorn ; the daughter of Jerusalem has shaken the head behind you .
And Moses saw all the work . And , behold , they had done it ; as Jehovah commanded Moses , so they had done . And Moses blessed them .
And the priests , Jedaiah , and Jehoiarib , and Jachin ,
Those who observe vanities of idolatry forsake their faithfulness ;
But answering , He said , The one dipping the hand with Me in the dish will betray Me .

Then Jeshua stood up together with his sons and his brothers , Kadmiel and his sons , the sons of Judah , to oversee the workmen in the house of God , the sons of Henadad with their sons , and their brothers the Levites .
He that has My commandments and keeps them , it is that one who loves Me ; and the one that loves Me shall be loved by My Father , and I shall love him and will reveal Myself to him .
But Jesus said to him , Why do you say Me to be good ? No one is good , except One : God .
And wrote these words in the book of the law of God , and took a great stone and raised it up there under the oak by the sanctuary of Jehovah .
I have forever kept silence ; I have been quiet and refrained Myself ; I will groan like a woman in travail ; I will pant and gasp at once .
Having been called out by faith , Abraham obeyed to go forth to a place which he was going to receive for an inheritance ; and he went out not understanding where he went .
And He has brought us out from there in order to bring us in , to give us the land which He had sworn to our fathers .
the tabernacle of the congregation , and the ark of the testimony , and the mercyseat which is going up over it , and all the vessels of the tabernacle ,
For you know how we lived in the land of Egypt , and how we came through the nations through which you passed .
the son of Izhar , the son of Kohath , the son of Levi , the son of Israel .
And the second is like it : " You shall love your neighbor as yourself . "
Grace be with all those that love our Lord Jesus Christ in incorruptibility . Amen .
And they said , each man to his companion , Come and let us cast lots , that we may know on whose account this evil occurred to us . And they cast lots , and the lot fell on Jonah .
But wisdom was justified from all her children .
But the chief of the cupbearers said , Has my master sent me to your master and to you to speak these words ? Is it not on the men who sit on the wall , to eat their own dung , and to drink the water of their feet with you ?
For , behold , the winter has passed , the rain has passed , it goes to itself .
And he made the boards for the tabernacle , standing planks of acacia wood .


this One given to you by the before-determined counsel and foreknowledge of God , you having taken by lawless hands , having crucified Him , you put Him to death .
ln his days Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon came up , and Jehoiakim was a servant to him three years ; and he turned and rebelled against him .
And out of one of them came a little horn which became very great , toward the south , and toward the east , and toward the bountiful land .
And he exiled Jehoiachin to Babylon , and the king's mother , and the king's wives , and his eunuchs , and the mighty ones of the land ; he caused a captivity to go from Jerusalem to Babylon .
Go from before a foolish man , or you will not see the lips of knowledge .
Mary Magdalene came bringing word to the disciples that she had seen the Lord , and that He told her these things .
He breaking up has come before them ; they have broken up and have passed through the gate and have gone out of it . And their king shall pass before them , and Jehovah at their head .
I have seen the task which God has given to the sons of men , to be humbled by it .
And the sons of Israel , the priests , and the Levites , and the rest of the sons of the captivity , kept the dedication of this house of God with joy .

And going out , they found a man , a Cyrenean , named Simon . They forced this one to bear His cross .

For before the boy knows to cry , My father , or , My mother , the riches of Damascus and the plunder of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria .

And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon , as you come to Gerar , as far as Gaza , as you go in towards Sodom and Gomorrah , and Admah , and Zeboim , even to Lasha .
For God is my King of old , who works salvation in the midst of the land .

And he said to Jesus , Lord , remember me when You come in Your kingdom .
Shall not those who strike you rise up suddenly , and those who shake you be aroused , and you become a prize to him ?
The words of wise men are heard in quiet , more than the cry of one who rules among fools .
Your word is pure and Your servant loves it .
And Mikloth fathered Shimeam ; and they also lived with their brothers in Jerusalem , across from their brothers .
And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made horns of iron for himself . And he said , So says Jehovah , With these you shall push the Syrians until you have consumed them .
And there has not been a day such as that , before it or after it ; for Jehovah listened to the voice of a man . For Jehovah fought for Israel .
And Barnabas went out to Tarsus to seek Saul .
He makes His angels spirits , His ministers a flaming fire .
His glory is great in Your salvation ; You have laid honor and majesty on him .
Because we , the many , are one bread , one body , for we all partake of the one bread .
And all the elders and all the people said to him , Do not listen nor consent .
In the multitude of people is the king's glory , but in the lack of people is the ruin of a prince .
The sons of Kohath : his son Amminadab ; Korah , his son ; Assir , his son ;
And he brought in the priests and the Levites , and he gathered them to the plaza on the east .
And the Spirit of Jehovah will be powerful on you , and you will prophesy with them ; and you will be turned into another man .
I thank You and praise You , O God of my fathers , who has given me wisdom and might , and has made me know what we ask of You . For You have revealed to us the king's matter .
No one in this house is greater than I , and he has not withheld anything from me except you , because you are his wife . And how should I do this great evil and sin against God ?
the son of Hesed , in Aruboth ( to him was Sochoh and all the land of Hepher ) ;

And whoever will not receive you , nor will hear your words , having gone out of that house or city , shake off the dust from your feet .
At that time my reason returned to me , and the glory of my kingdom , my majesty , and my brightness returned to me . And my advisers and my nobles sought to me . And I was reestablished in my kingdom , and excellent greatness was added to me .
For My Angel shall go before you and bring you in to the Amorite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , and the Canaanite , and the Hivite , and the Jebusite ; and I will cut them off .
a Light for revelation to the nations , and the Glory of Your people Israel .
I am the door . If anyone enters through Me , he will be saved , and will go in , and will go out , and will find pasture .
For Demas deserted me , loving the present age , and he went to Thessalonica . Crescens went to Galatia , Titus to Dalmatia .
Cursed is he who does the work of Jehovah deceitfully , and cursed is he who keeps back his sword from blood .
And the king of Sodom went out , and the king of Gomorrah , and the king of Admah , and the king of Zeboiim , and the king of Bela , which is Zoar . And they set the battle with them in the valley of Siddim ,
For with difficulty one will die for a just one , ( for perhaps one even dares to die for the sake of the good one ) ,
And Jehovah shall possess Judah , His portion in the holy land , and He shall again choose Jerusalem .

And Pilate questioned Him , Are you the king of the Jews ? And answering , He said to him , You say it .
Listen to this , O Job ; stand still and consider the wonderful works of God .
And the king took off his ring , which he had taken from Haman , and gave it to Mordecai . And set Mordecai over the house of Haman .
In the fiftieth year of Azariah the king of Judah , Pekahiah the son of Menahem reigned over Israel two years in Samaria .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And Joash said to all that stood against him , You , will you contend for Baal ? Or you , will you save him ? He who contends for him shall be killed by the morning . If he is a god , let him contend for himself , because one has smashed his altar .
And eighteen thousand men of Benjamin fell , all of these mighty men .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
And the people spoke against God , and against Moses , Why have you brought us out of Egypt to die in the wilderness ? For there is no bread , and there is no water ; and our soul hates this light bread .
And Pharaoh hardened his heart this time also , and he did not send away the people .
And it shall be , every soul that lives , which swarms in every place , there where the two torrents go , that soul shall live . And there shall be very many fish , because these waters shall come there . And they shall be healed . And all shall live there where the torrent goes .
The mystery is great , but I speak as to Christ and as to the church .

And on the fourth day the silver and the gold and the articles were weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest . And with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas , and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua , and Noadiah the son of Binnui , the Levites .
Wisdom is found in the lips of him who has understanding , but a rod is waiting for the back of him who lacks heart .
Above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the darts of the evil one , having been made fiery .
And the priest shall burn them as incense on the altar , bread of the fire offering for a soothing fragrance ; all the fat is Jehovah's .
And he taught me and said to me , Let your heart cling to my words ; keep my commands and live .
If I have walked with vanity , or my foot has hurried to deceit ,
Oh worship Jehovah in the beauty of holiness ; tremble before Him , all the earth .
And the anger of Jehovah burned against Uzza , and He struck him , because he had put out his hand on the ark : ; and he died there before God .
Jehovah will enter into judgment with the elders of His people , and their kings . For you have eaten up the vineyard , the plunder of the poor is in your houses .
Judah has dealt treacherously , and has done an abomination in Israel and in Jerusalem ; for Judah has profaned the holy place of Jehovah , which He loves and has married a daughter of a foreign god .
And Manoah said to his wife , We shall surely die , because we have seen God .
It is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not fulfill it .
And I will cut off the cities of your land and pull down all your fortresses .
Or those eighteen on whom the tower in Siloam fell , and killed them , do you think that these were sinners beyond all men who lived in Jerusalem ?
And Saul and his men went to search . And they told David . And he went down to the rock , and stayed in the wilderness of Maon . And Saul heard , and pursued David in the wilderness of Maon .
then you shall say , O Jehovah , You have spoken against this place to cut it off so that no dweller shall be in it , from man to animal , but it shall be a ruin forever .
And he reared up an altar for Baal in the house of Baal , which he had built in Samaria .
The one who has an ear , hear what the Spirit says to the churches . To the one overcoming , I will give him to eat from the hidden manna . And I will give to him a white stone , and on the stone a new name having been written , which no one knows except the one receiving it .
though no violence is in my hand , and my prayer is pure .
And the king made silver in Jerusalem as the stones . And he made the cedars as the sycamores in the low country for abundance .
also I have not allowed my mouth to sin by asking his life with a curse ;
Then if you were not faithful in the unrighteous mammon , who will entrust the true to you ?
And the sons of Micah : Pithon , and Melech , and Tahrea ,

For I know your eagerness , of which I boast to Macedonia on your behalf , that Achaia has made ready from last year , and your zeal arouses the greater number .
And I will have mercy on the house of Judah and will save them by Jehovah their God . And I will not save them by bow or by sword , or by battle , by horses , or by horsemen .
Even youths are faint and fatigued , and young men surely shall stumble ;
And Samuel said , Gather all Israel to Mizpah , and I will pray to Jehovah for you .
And out of them shall come thanksgiving and the voice of those who are merry . And I will multiply them , and they shall not be few . I also will honor them , and they shall not be small .
The end is now on you , and I will send My anger on you and will judge you according to your ways and will lay on you all your abominations .
All happens alike to all ; one event to the righteous , and to the wicked ; to the good , and to the clean , and to the unclean ; to him who sacrifices , and to him who does not sacrifice . As is the good , so is the sinner ; he who swears is as he that fears an oath .
And make one cherub from the end here , and one cherub from the end there . You shall make the cherubs from the mercyseat , on its two ends .
of whom are given her graves in the recesses of the Pit , and her assembly is all around her grave , all of them slain , fallen by the sword , because they gave terror in the land of the living .
The sound of a whip , and the sound of rattling of a wheel , and a galloping horse , and of a bounding chariot .
And David said to the messenger , You shall say to Joab , Do not let this thing be evil in your eyes . For the sword devours one as well as another . Make your battle stronger against the city , and overthrow it . And make him strong .
to the mountains they call the peoples ; there they shall offer righteous sacrifices for they shall suck the bounty of the seas , and treasures hidden in the sand .
and the two kidneys , and the fat on them , on the flanks , and the fold above the liver beside the kidneys , he shall remove .
for he was numbered with us , and obtained a portion of this ministry .
so that the man of God may be perfected , fully furnished for every good work .
And He said to me , It is done ! I am the Alpha and the Omega , the Beginning and the Ending . To the one thirsting , I will freely give of the fountain of the water of life .
And devout men together carried Stephen and made a great lamentation over him .
and murmured in your tents , and said , Because of Jehovah's hatred for us , He has brought us out of the land of Egypt , to give us into the hand of the Amorite to destroy us .
The lines have fallen to me in pleasant places ; yea , I have a beautiful inheritance .
And I took the chiefs of your tribes , wise and noted men , and I appointed them rulers over you , commanders over thousands , and commanders over hundreds and commanders over fifties , and commanders over tens , and officers , for your tribes .
Then Pilate took Jesus and flogged Him .
These are appointed seasons of Jehovah , holy gatherings which you shall proclaim in their appointed seasons :
Of the sons of Kohath , Uriel the chief , and his brothers , a hundred and twenty .
there where the birds nest ; the fir trees are the house of the stork ;
And Saul sent messengers to Jesse and said , Send your son David to me , who is with the flock .

And also if I ask , in no way will you answer Me , or let Me go .
Behold , their heroes cry outside ; the envoys of peace shall weep bitterly .
And he finished measuring the inner house . And he brought me forth the way of the gate whose face is eastward , and measured all around .
My heart also trembles at this , and it leaps from its place .
And it also happened on another sabbath , He going into the synagogue and teaching . And a man was there , and his right hand was withered .
For we are a sweet smell to God because of Christ in those being saved , and in those being lost ;
And there was a famine in the days of David , three years , year after year . And David sought the face of Jehovah . And Jehovah said , It is for Saul and for his bloody house , because he killed the Gibeonites .

I will not carry out the heat of My anger ; I will not return to destroy Ephraim . For I am God , and not a man , the Holy One in your midst . And I will not enter into the city .
And David lived in the stronghold , and called it the city of David . And David built all around from the Millo and inward .
And the rest of the acts of Jehu , and all that he did , and all his might , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?
until your brother's anger turns back from you , and he forgets what you have done to him . And I will send and take you from there . Why should I also be bereaved of two of you in one day ?
For we know Him who has said , " Vengeance belongs to Me ; I will repay , " says the Lord . And again , " The Lord will judge His people . "
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel , ruler of the sons of Gad :
Everyone who is found shall be pierced through ; yea , everyone who is sept away shall fall by the sword .
who coming near to the chief priests and to the elders these said , With a curse we have cursed ourselves to taste of nothing until we shall kill Paul .
And Eliakim , Hilkiah's son , who was over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and Asaph's son Joah , the recorder , came out to him .
winking with his eyes , speaking with his feet , teaching with his fingers .
And his servants passed him out from the chariot , and caused him to ride in a second chariot of his , and brought him to Jerusalem . And he died and was buried in the graves of his fathers . And all Judah and Jerusalem were mourning for Josiah .

You who love Jehovah , hate evil . He keeps the souls of His saints ; He delivers them out of the hand of the wicked .
Surely You will slay the wicked , O God ; and bloody men , depart from me .
And king Solomon swore by Jehovah , saying , So shall God do to me , and so shall He do more , if not Adonijah has not spoken this word against his life .
And on that day made them woodcutters , and drawers of water for the congregation , and for the altar of Jehovah at the place which He should choose , to this day .
And it happened , as the people moved from their tents to cross over the Jordan , and as the priests bore the ark of the covenant before the people ,
And it happened , when Jeroboam the son of Nebat heard , he being in Egypt because he had fled from the face of Solomon the king , Jeroboam returned from Egypt .
You shall not see your brother's ox or his sheep driven away , and hide yourself from them . You shall surely turn them back to your brother .
Because if you confess the Lord Jesus with your mouth , and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead , you will be saved .

Cursed is the man who brought news to my father , saying , A man child is born to you , making him very glad .

and the king of Assyria carried Israel away to Assyria , and placed them in Halah , and in Habor by the river Gozan , and in the cities of the Medes ,
And I will give to Babylon , and to all the people of Chaldea all the evil that they have done in Zion , before your eyes , declares Jehovah .
for a just one falls seven times , and rises up again , but the wicked shall stumble into evil .
His sons come to honor , and he does not know ; they fail , but he does not mark it .

therefore , behold , I am bringing evil to the house of Jeroboam , and will cut off from Jeroboam him who urinates against the wall , bound and free in Israel ; and will sweep away the rest of the house of Jeroboam as a man sweeps away the dung , until it is all gone .
And Rebekah and her young women rose up , and they rode on the camels and went after the man . And the slave took Rebekah and went .
And they told Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam had gone up to Mount Tabor .
And looking at Jesus walking , he said , Behold , the Lamb of God !
And as they were coming down from the mountain , Jesus charged them , saying , Tell the vision to no one until the Son of man is raised from the dead .
But the free gift shall not be also like the offense . For if by the offense of the one the many died , much more the grace of God , and the gift in grace , which is of the one Man , Jesus Christ , did abound to the many .
And one son escaped of Ahimelech the son of Ahitub . And his name was Abiathar , and he fled after David .

You shall lie down , and no one will be terrifying ; yea , many shall seek your favor .
And men were burned with great heat . And they blasphemed the name of God , the One having authority over these plagues and they did not repent to give Him glory .
In which way , desiring to more fully declare to the heirs of the promise the unchangeableness of His counsel , God interposed by an oath ,
And those of Beth-shemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the valley . And they lifted up their eyes and saw the ark , and rejoiced to see it .
All the kings of the earth shall thank You , O Jehovah , because they have heard the words of Your mouth .
whom having not seen , you love ; in whom not yet seeing , but believing , you exult with unspeakable and having been glorified ,
And the priests and the Levites purified themselves . And they purified the people , and the gates , and the wall .
They shall give this , everyone passing over to those numbered : half a shekel , by the shekel of the sanctuary , twenty gerahs being a shekel ; half a shekel as an offering to Jehovah .
How then may they call on One in whom they have not believed ? And how may they believe One of whom they have not heard ? And how may they hear without preaching ?
Then He said to them , My soul is deeply grieved , even unto death . Stay here and watch with Me .
Her husband is known in the gates , when he sits with the elders of the land .
We conceived ; we writhe ; as it were , we gave birth to wind . We have not worked salvation for the earth ; and the world's inhabitants have not fallen .
Even so with the envoys of the rulers of Babylon , those sent to him to inquire of the wonder that had been in the land , God left him to test him , to know all his heart .
then I shall cut off Israel from the face of the land that I have given to them , and the house that I have hallowed for My name I shall send away from My face , and Israel shall be a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
He shall judge among the nations ; He shall fill with dead bodies ; He shall shatter heads over much land .
O Jehovah of Hosts , God of Israel , who dwells between the cherubs , You are He , God , You alone to all the kingdoms of the earth . You have made the heavens and the earth .
And you , son of man , prophesy against Gog and say , So says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I am against you , O Gog , the prince of Rosh , Meshech , and Tubal .

The Lord Jehovah made me to see this : And , behold , the Lord Jehovah was calling to contend by fire . And it consumed the great deep , and it was devouring part of it .
Truly I say to you , In no way will this generation pass away until all these things have occurred .
to declare that Jehovah is upright , my Rock ! And in Him is no evil .
You shall also decide a thing , and it will stand for you ; and light shall shine on your ways .
Why is this to Me ? Frankincense comes from Sheba , and the good cane from a far land ? Your burnt offerings are not for acceptance , nor are your sacrifices sweet to Me .
Jehovah of hosts shall defend them . And they shall devour and trample on the slingstones . And they shall drink and be boisterous , as with wine . And they shall be full like a bowl , like the corners of the altar .
And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly . The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you . Amen .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , Come , go down , for your people whom you caused to go up from Egypt are corrupted ;

And it happened , Jehovah raised an adversary to Solomon , Hadad the Edomite ; he was of the seed of the king in Edom .
And the Philistine said to David , Am I a dog that you have come to me with sticks ? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods .
This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a garment of wool or of linen , or of the warp , or of the woof , or of anything of leather , to pronounce it clean , or to pronounce it unclean .
And there was no king before him like him , who turned to Jehovah with all his heart , and with all his soul , and with all his might , according to all the law of Moses ; and after him none rose up like him .
He opened the rock , and waters gushed out ; they went in the dry places like a river .
For with few men the army of Syria came in , and Jehovah gave a mighty force for multitude into their hand , because they had forsaken Jehovah , the God of their fathers . And they executed judgment against Joash .
And another horse went out , red . And it was given to the one sitting on it to take peace from the earth , and that they should slay one another . And a great sword was given to him .

Of whom let it not be the outward act of braiding of hairs , and of putting gold around , or of clothing of adorning garments ,
And , behold ! A man of the sons of Israel came and brought in to his brothers a woman of Midian , before the eyes of Moses and before the eyes of all the congregation of the sons of Israel weeping at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
Why the Law then ? It was added because of transgressions , until the Seed should come , to whom it had been promised , being ordained through angels in a mediator's hand .
Let him turn aside from evil , and let him do good . Let him seek peace , and pursue it ;
But surely from anxiety , for a reason , we have done this , saying , In the future your sons shall speak to our sons , saying , What is to you and to Jehovah the God of Israel ?
And it happened , after the death of Saul , David returned from striking the Amalekites . And David remained in Ziklag two days .
But they said to Him , Why do John's disciples fast often , and make prayers , and likewise those of the Pharisees , but those close to You eat and drink ?


And Toi the king of Hamath heard that David had struck all the army of Hadadezer .
But the sons of Israel did not expel the Geshurites and the Maachathite , but Geshur and Maachathites live in the midst of Israel until today .
And the king commanded Joab , and Abishai , and Ittai , saying , For my sake deal gently with the young man , with Absalom . And all the people heard as the king commanded the commanders concerning Absalom .
Cause us to see Your mercy , O Jehovah , and give us Your salvation .

And you shall put the laver between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar . And you shall put water there .
And it happened as the gate was to be shut at dark , even the men went out . I do not know where they have gone . You go after them , and hurry , for you may overtake them .
And the prince shall go in among them when they go in , and he shall leave when they leave .
This is My commandment , that you love one another as I loved you .


And it happened when the ark pulled out , Moses said , Rise , O Jehovah , and Your enemies shall be scattered , and those hating You shall flee from Your presence .
If the work of anyone which he built remains , he will receive a reward .
and say to them . Hear , Israel , you are drawing near today to battle against your enemies . Do not let your heart be faint ; do not fear nor tremble , nor be terrified before their faces .
Depart from evil and do good , and live forevermore .
And the heavens and the earth were finished , and all their host .
And Abraham was a son of a hundred years when his son Isaac was born to him .
Behold the day ! Behold , it has come , the encirclement has gone out , the rod has blossomed , and pride has budded .
So the Lord Jehovah says this : Because you have spoken vanity and have seen a lie , therefore , behold , I am against you , declares the Lord Jehovah .
and Obed fathered Jesse ; and Jesse fathered David .
And His feet shall stand in that day on the Mount of Olives , which is before Jerusalem on the east ; and the Mount of Olives shall divide from its middle , from the east even to the west , a very great valley . And half of the mountain shall move toward the north , and half of it toward the south .
And Gideon made an ephod of it , and put it in his city , even in Ophrah . And all Israel went whoring after it there , and it became a snare to Gideon and to his house .
Do not withhold good from those to whom it is due , when it is in the power of your hand to do it .
Or do you think that I am not able now to call on My Father , and He will place beside Me more than twelve legions of angels ?
And I will turn you back and lead you on . And I will bring you up from the recesses of the north , and will bring you on the mountains of Israel .
And you shall make the poles of acacia wood ; and you shall overlay them with gold .
And they went in to Noah into the ark , male and female of clean animals , and of animals that are not clean and of fowl , and of every thing that creeps on the earth ,
And the ark of Jehovah remained in the house of Obed-edom the Gittite three months . And Jehovah blessed Obed-edom and all his house .
to execute mercy with our fathers , and to remember His holy covenant ,
And if you sell anything to your neighbor , or buy from the hand of your neighbor , you shall not each man oppress his brother .
And I saw Heaven being opened . And , behold ! A white horse , and He sitting on it having been called Faithful and True . And He judges and wars in righteousness .
You alone are He , O Jehovah ; You have made the heavens , and heavens of the heavens , and all their host ; the earth and all which is on it ; the seas , and all that is in them ; and You shall preserve them all alive . And the host of the heavens bows down to You .
I begged Titus and sent the brother with him . Did Titus overreach you ? Did we not walk in the same spirit ? Did we not walk in the same steps ?
because God has made her forget wisdom ; and He has not given to her a share in understanding .
And she conceived again and bore a son and called his name Onan .
And he built the inner court , three rows of hewn stone , and a row of cedar beams .
And the chief of the cupbearers told his dream to Joseph , and said to him , In my dream , behold , a vine was before me .

So says the Lord Jehovah : As all the earth rejoices , I will make you a ruin .
Your words were found and I ate them ; and Your Word was to me the joy and gladness of my heart . For I am called by Your name , O Jehovah , God of hosts .
And the cloud covered the tabernacle of the congregation ; and the glory of Jehovah filled the tabernacle .
The vine is dried up and the fig tree droops , the pomegranate , and the palm tree , and the apple tree ; all the trees of the field are dried up , because joy has dried up from the sons of men .
And you shall put the miter on his head ; and you shall put the holy crown on the miter .
Lift up a banner toward Zion . Flee for safety and do not wait . For I will bring evil from the north and a great ruin .
Whom I resolved to hold with myself , that for you he minister to me in the bonds of the gospel .
And the name of Amram's wife was Jochebed , the daughter of Levi , who was born to Levi in Egypt . And she bore Aaron and Moses to Amram , and their sister Miriam .
If one speaks in a language , let it be by two or three at the most , and in turn , also let one interpret .
Your eyes shall see the king in his beauty ; they shall see a land that is very far off .
And when the dew came down on the camp by night , the manna came down on it .
to keep the commandments of Jehovah , and His statutes which I am commanding you today , for your good .
And these things shall be to you for a statute of judgment for your generations , in all your dwellings .

And withdrawing , they spoke to one another saying , This man does nothing worthy of death or of bonds .
And Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah , saying , So says Jehovah , the God of Israel I have heard that which you have prayed to Me regarding Sennacherib the king of Assyria ;
O Jehovah , answer me quickly ; my spirit is failing ; do not hide Your face from me lest I be like the ones who go down to the Pit .
If you had known Me , you would have known My Father also ; and from now on you do know Him , and have seen Him .

And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the army ; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder ;
Brothers , I do not write a new commandment to you , but an old commandment which you had from the beginning . The old commandment is the word which you heard from the beginning .
All the nations surround me ; but surely I will destroy them in the name of Jehovah .
of which I was made a minister according to the gift of the grace of God given to me , according to the working of His power .
And if a man strikes his male slave or his slave-girl with a rod , and he dies under his hand , he shall surely be avenged .
And Jehovah said to Solomon , Because this has been done by you , and you have not kept My covenant and My statutes that I charged on you , I shall surely tear the kingdom from you and shall give it to your servant .


And likewise , these are the ones being sown on the stony places , who , when they hear the Word , they immediately receive it with joy ,

But concerning the dead , that they are raised , have you not read in the book of Moses , as God spoke to him at the Bush , saying , " I am the God of Abraham , and the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob " ?
And Persia carried the quiver with a chariot of a man and horsemen ; and Kir uncovered the shield .

For which cause I remind you to fan into flame the gift of God which is in you through the laying on of my hands .
And Jehovah said to Cain , Why have you angrily glowed , and why has your face fallen ?
But He said to them , It is right for Me to preach the gospel , the kingdom of God , to the other cities , because I was sent on this mission .

There is therefore now no condemnation to those in Christ Jesus , who do not walk according to flesh , but according to Spirit .
And they captured the two rulers of Midian , Oreb and Zeeb . And Oreb was slain at the rock of Oreb ; and they killed Zeeb at the winevat of Zeeb . And they pursued to Midian . And they brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon beyond the Jordan .
Be not far from Me ; for trouble is near ; because no one is there to help .
Reveal the near things hereafter , so that we may know that you are gods . Yea , do good , or do evil , that we may gaze and see together .
And another of His disciples said to Him , Lord , allow me first to go away and bury my father .
They saw You ; mountains trembled . The storm of water passed over . The deep gave its voice and lifted up its hands on high .
And in the seventh year , Jehoiada sent and called the rulers of the hundreds , with the Carites and the runners . And he brought them to him into the house of Jehovah , and cut a covenant with them , and took an oath of them in the house of Jehovah . And he revealed the king's son to them .
( and he had prepared for himself a large room where they had in days past laid the food offering , the frankincense , and the vessels , and the tithes of the grain , the new wine , and the oil , which was commanded to be given to the Levites , and the singers , and the gatekeepers , and the offerings of the priests ) .
And if there is no interpreter , let him be silent in church , and let him speak to himself and to God .
And he built altars in the house of Jehovah , of which Jehovah had said , In Jerusalem shall be My name forever .
And the present passed before his face , and he remained in the camp that night .
And if the leprosy breaks out greatly on the skin , and the leprosy covers all the skin of the one who has the plague , from his head even to his feet , to all that appears to the priest's eyes ,
And the people spoke to him according to this word , saying , So shall it be done to the man who strikes him .
And it happened , when you heard the voice out of the midst of the darkness , while the mountain burned with fire , you came near to me , all the rulers of your tribes , and your elders ,
But on the first of the week , Mary Magdalene came early to the tomb , darkness yet being on it . And she saw the stone had been removed from the tomb .
Let Him kiss me with the kisses of His mouth ; for Your loves are better than wine .
and Parmashta , and Arisai , and Aridai , and Vajezatha ,
Do not be too much righteous , nor make yourself overly wise ; why destroy yourself ?
And Moses went up into the mountain . And a cloud covered the mountain .
But knowing their thoughts , He said to them , Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to ruin , and a house against a house falls .
They are broken ; they do not reply again ; words have departed from them .
And of the Gadites , there were separated to David , to the stronghold in the wilderness , valiant warriors , men of the army for battle , setting shield and spear in order , and their faces the face of a lion , and as gazelles on the heights for swiftness :
You have delivered me from the strivings of the people ; You have made me head of the nations ; a people I have not known shall serve me .
But now a righteousness of God has been revealed apart from Law , being witnessed by the Law and the Prophets ,
For everyone exalting himself will be humbled , and the one humbling himself will be exalted .
Then the disciples understood that He spoke to them about John the Baptist .
I have heard what the prophets said , those who prophesy lies in My name , saying , I have dreamed , I have dreamed .
And I said to them , Whoever has gold , let them break off . And they gave to me , and I cast it into the fire , and this calf came out .
And I will bring an everlasting reproach and never ending shame on you , which shall not be forgotten .
Yes , you shall see the sons of your sons . Peace be upon Israel !
And we turned and pulled up into the wilderness , the way of the Sea of Reeds , as Jehovah had spoken to me ; and we went around the mountain of Seir many days .
And seeing the thing , those feeding the pigs fled . And leaving , they reported to the city and to the farms .
chief Aholibamah ; chief Elah ; chief Pinon ,
He brought them out from darkness and the shadow of death ; and He broke their bands apart .
Then do not judge anything before time , until the Lord comes , who will both shed light on the hidden things of darkness and will reveal the counsels of the hearts . And then praise will be to each one from God .

For Jehovah your God walks in the middle of your camp to deliver you and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore your camp shall be holy , so that He may see no unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said , I am young , and you are very aged ; so I held back and was afraid to make my knowledge known to you .
For if that first was faultless , place would not have been sought for a second .
And the bodies of this people shall be food for the birds of the heavens , and for the beasts of the earth ; and no one shall frighten them away .
Ephraim is oppressed , crushed in judgment ; because he was pleased , he walked after the command .

And he said , Cornelius , your prayer was heard and your alms were remembered before God .
If a man dies , will he revive ? All the days of my warfare I will wait , until my change comes .
And it happened , when He had commanded the man clothed with linen , saying , Take fire from between the wheels , from between the cherubs . Then he went and stood beside the wheels .
" For who has known the mind of the Lord ? Or who became His counselor ? "
And all the king's servants who were in the king's gate were bowing and worshiping Haman , for the king had so commanded for him . But Mordecai did not bow nor worship .

And Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife , and said , Jehovah shall give you seed of this woman , because of the petition she prayed to Jehovah . And they went away to their place .

but He has the priesthood not to be passed on , because of His continuing forever .
A Psalm of David . A statement of Jehovah to my Lord : Sit at My right hand , until I place Your enemies as Your footstool .
And you shall write on them all the words of this law when you have crossed over , so that you may go into the land which Jehovah your God is giving you a land flowing with milk and honey , as Jehovah the God of your fathers has promised you .
And if the house is too small for a flock animal , he and his neighbor next to his house shall take according to the number of souls , each one according to the mouth of his eating , you shall count concerning the flock animal .
even though these three men were in its midst , as I live , declares the Lord Jehovah , they should not deliver sons or daughters , but they only would deliver themselves .
those numbered of them for the tribe of Asher were forty one thousand and five hundred .
Then obtaining help from God , I stand until this day , witnessing both to small and to great , saying nothing else than what the prophets and Moses also said was going to happen :
For Christ did not enter into the Holy of Holies made by hands , types of the true things , but into Heaven itself , now to appear in the presence of God on our behalf ,
And he shall not come to a dead man , to defile himself ; but for father , or for mother , or for a son , or for a daughter , for a brother , or for a sister who has not had a husband , they may defile themselves .

The light of the righteous rejoices , but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out .
The man went away and told the Jews that Jesus is the One making him well .
And I will harden the heart of Pharaoh . And I will multiply My signs and My wonders in the land of Egypt .
But taking hold of his hand , Jesus raised him up , and he stood up .
But Aaron and his sons offered on the altar of burnt offering , and on the altar of incense , for all the work of the Most Holy Place , and to make atonement for Israel , according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded .
The sea looked and fled ; the Jordan turned back ;
You O king are the king of kings . For the God of Heaven has given you the kingdom , the power , and the strength , and the honor .
Amon his son ; Josiah his son .
And Leah said , With fortune . And she called his name Gad .
And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the army ; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was the historian ;
And having greeted them , he related one by one what things God had worked among the nations through his ministry .
And the officers who were over the thousands of the army , heads of the thousands and heads of the hundreds , drew near to Moses .

or , " Who will go down into the abyss ? " ( that is , to bring Christ up from the dead . )
And the sons of the alien who join themselves on Jehovah to serve Him , and to love the name of Jehovah , to be His servants , everyone who keeps from defiling the sabbath , and takes hold of My covenant :
And they brought in the ark of God , and set it down in the middle of the tent that David had pitched for it . And they offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before God .
Put on all the armor of God , for you to be able to stand against the wiles of the Devil ,
Only , this you may eat of any swarming thing which flies , which goes on all four , which has legs above its feet , to leap with them on the earth ;
This is he about whom it has been written : " Behold , I send My messenger " before Your face , who " will prepare Your way before You . "
And on the top of the pillars was lily-work . So the work of the pillars was finished .
Blessed is the people knowing the joyful sound ; O Jehovah , they shall walk in the light of Your face .
They shall leap like the noise of chariots on the tops of the mountains , like the noise of flames of fire that devour the chaff , as a strong people set in order for battle .
according to the eternal purpose which He accomplished in Christ Jesus our Lord ,
When I desire , I shall bind them ; and the peoples shall be gathered against them , when they bind themselves to their two perversities .
because of Your anger and Your wrath ; for You have lifted me and cast me down .
Behold ! I have set before you the land ; go in and possess the land which Jehovah has sworn to your fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob , to give to them , and to their seed after them .
And David gave his son Solomon the pattern of the porch , and of its houses , and of its treasuries , and of its upper rooms , and of its innermost rooms , and of the house of the mercy-seat ;
And Jael went out to meet Sisera , and said to him , Turn in , my lord ; turn in to me ; do not fear . And he turned in to her into the tent ; and she covered him with a rug .
Behold , the soul of him is puffed up and is not upright ; but the just shall live by his faith .
saying , Teacher , Moses wrote to us , If anyone's brother dies having a wife , and this one should die childless , that his brother should take the wife and raise up seed to his brother .
so that all the people of the land shall know that the hand of Jehovah is strong , so that you may fear Jehovah your God all the days .
and the priest has seen it ; and , behold there are pale white spots in the skin of their flesh , it is a pale spot springing up in the skin ; he is clean .
Let Israel rejoice in His Makers ; let the sons of Zion be joyful in their Kings .
And passed on , and all Israel with him , from Lachish to Eglon . And they camped against it , and fought against it ,
to make their land a desolation , a hissing forever . Everyone who passes by will be amazed and will shake his head .
on the ninth of the month , when the famine was severe in the city , and there was no bread for the people of the land ,
And Saul was still more afraid of David . And Saul was an enemy to David continually .
Son of man , prophesy against the shepherds of Israel . Prophesy and say to them , to the shepherds , So says the Lord Jehovah : Woe to the shepherds of Israel who are feeding themselves ! Should not the shepherds feed the flock ?
A Psalm of David . Do not inflame yourself with evildoers ; and do not be envious against workers of perversity ;
They also brought barley and straw for the horses and mules to the place where the officers were , each man according to his charge .
Yet the high places were not removed from Israel . Only , the heart of Asa was perfect all his days .
Enter into the rock and hide in the dust from fear of Jehovah , and from the glory of His majesty .

But He was drawing back in a deserted place , and praying .
Man is like to vanity ; his days are like a shadow that passes .
And Sarah conceived and bore a son to Abraham in his old age , at the time appointed , that which God had spoken with him .

Woe to you ! Because you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
And this is the number of them : thirty platters of gold , a thousand platters of silver , twenty one knives ,
Take the Levites from among the sons of Israel and cleanse them .
and not only on behalf of the nation , but that He also might gather into one the children of God who had been scattered .
For so says Jehovah of Hosts the God of Israel : Behold I will cause to cease out of this place , before your eyes , and in your days , the voice of joy and the voice of gladness , the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride .
And all the men of Israel who had been hiding themselves in the hills of Ephraim heard that the Philistines had fled . And they also pursued them in battle .
Because the sons of Jonadab , the son of Rechab , have stood on the command of their father which he gave them , but this people has not listened to Me ,
And I saw another angel coming up from the rising of the sun , having a seal of the living God . And he cried with a great voice to the four angels to whom it was given to them to harm the earth and the sea , saying ,
They say , Why have we fasted , and You did not see ? We have afflicted our soul , and You did not acknowledge . Behold , on the day of your fast you find pleasure ; and you drive all your laborers hard .
But seeing , Jesus was indignant . And He said to them , Allow the children to come to Me , and do not hinder them . For of such is the kingdom of God .
And the men faced around from there and went toward Sodom . And Abraham was still standing before Jehovah .
Why do you contend with Me ? All of you , you have rebelled against Me , says Jehovah .
All the presidents of the kingdom , the prefects , and the satraps , the officials and the governors , have planned together to establish a royal law , and to make a strong ban , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , except from you , O king , he shall be thrown into the den of lions .
the son of Joses , the son of Eliezer , the son of Jorim , the son of Matthat , the son of Levi ,

And Abraham said , I will swear .
Then put into your hearts not to premeditate to make a defense .
And Moses said , So says Jehovah , About the middle of the night I will go out in the midst of Egypt .
And all who remain in any of the places where he resides , let the men of his place lift up him with silver , and with gold , and with property , and with animals , besides the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem .
He shall send from Heaven and save me ; He will shame the one who crushes me . Selah . God shall send His mercy and His truth .
And you shall make its platters , and its bowls , and its pitchers , and its sacrificial cups with which a drink offering is made . You shall make them of pure gold .

I , even I , will feed them in a good pasture , and on the high mountains of Israel their fold shall be . They shall lie there in a good fold , and they shall feed in a fat pasture , all the mountains of Israel .
Jehovah also shall save the tents of Judah first , so that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem may not be magnified above Judah .
They said in their hearts , Let us rage against them together ; they have burned up all the meeting-places of God in the land .
Ira the Ithrite , Gareb the Ithrite ,
And he said , These are the two sons of fresh oil who stand by the Lord of the whole earth .
And I will cut a covenant of peace with them and make evil beasts cease out of the land . And they shall live in the wilderness securely and sleep in the forests .
Lord , " they killed Your prophets , " " and they dug down Your altars , " " and only I am left , and they seek my life . "
For they do not speak peace ; but they devise deceitful things against the quiet ones of the earth .
Yea , better than both is he who has not yet been , who has not seen the evil work that is done under the sun .
And David rose up and went , and all the people with him , from Baal-judah , to bring up the ark of God from there which is called by the Name , the Name of Jehovah of hosts , who dwells above the cherubs .
God is a spirit , and the ones worshiping Him must worship in spirit and truth .
His eyes shall be dark from wine and his teeth white from milk .
Jehovah looks down from Heaven ; He sees all the sons of mankind .
And you shall make it this way : The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits , its breadth fifty cubits , and its height thirty cubits .
nor consider that it is profitable for us that one man die for the people , and not all the nation to perish .
But each one is tempted by his own lusts , having been drawn out and having been seduced by them .
And you , and your sons with you , shall keep your priesthood , in everything that pertains to the altar , and to that inside the veil . And you shall serve ; I have given you the priesthood as a service of gift ; and the stranger who comes near shall be put to death .
And the house of Israel called its name , Manna . And it was like the seed of coriander , white ; and its taste like cakes with honey .
Wisdom is good with an inheritance ; yea , a gain to those who see the sun .
But the people that live in the land are fierce , and the cities are fortified , very great . And also we have seen the children of Anak there .
though You have crushed us in the place of jackals and covered us over with the death-shade .
And he came until he was before the king's gate ; for there was no entering into the king's gate in clothing of sackcloth .
And Joseph commanded , and they filled their vessels with grain and returned their silver , each into his sack , and gave to them food for the way ; and he did so to them .
Then it being evening on that day , the first of the sabbaths , and the doors having been locked where the disciples were assembled , because of fear of the Jews , Jesus came and stood in the midst and said to them , Peace to you .
And they called to the sons of Dan , and they turned their faces and said to Micah , What ails you , that you have been called together ?

Behold , God is exalted in His power . Who is a teacher like Him ?
and you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , and with all your soul " and with all your mind , " and with all your strength . " This is the first commandment .
And if you bring near a food offering of firstfruits to Jehovah , fresh ears roasted with fire , kernels from a garden , you shall bring near your firstfruits for a food offering .
Watch ! Stand fast in the faith ! Be men ! Be strong !
And Moses said to God , Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh , and that I should bring out the sons of Israel from Egypt ?
And when I arrive , whomever you approve through these epistles , I will send to carry your grace to Jerusalem .
And Moses went out from Pharaoh . And he prayed to Jehovah .
The tongue of the wise uses knowledge rightly , but the mouth of fools pours out foolishness .
And I will raise up for them a noted planting place , and they shall not any more be of those gathered by famine in the land . And they shall not any more bear the shame of the nations .
And the sons of Israel put away the Baals and the Ashtaroth , and served Jehovah only .
and as those bearing the ark came into the Jordan , and the feet of the priests bearing the ark were dipped in the edge of the waters ( and the Jordan was full , over all its banks all the days of harvest ) ,
Does the ear not try words , and the mouth taste food for itself ?
And your food which you shall eat shall be by weight : twenty shekels a day . From time to time you shall eat it .
And Jehovah said to the sons of Israel , Did I not save you from the Egyptians , and from the Amorites , and from the sons of Ammon , and from the Philistines ?
and said , O Jehovah , the God of our fathers , are not You the God in Heaven ? Yea , You rule over all the kingdoms of the nations , and in Your hand is power and might ; and there is none able to withstand You .
The sea has come up over Babylon , she is covered with the multitude of its waves .
For Israel rebels , like a rebellious heifer . Now Jehovah will feed them as a lamb in a roomy place .
And it happened as they struck , and I remained , even I . Then I fell on my face and I cried out and said , Ah , Lord Jehovah ! Will You destroy all the remnant of Israel in Your pouring out of Your fury on Jerusalem ?
A Psalm , A Song for the Sabbath Day . It is good to give thanks to Jehovah , and to sing praises to Your name , O Most High ;
after he has been sold , there is a redemption to him ; one of his brothers may redeem him ,
And David spoke to Jehovah the words of this song in the day Jehovah delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies , and out of the hand of Saul .
For it is testified , " You are a priest forever according to the order of Melchizedek . "
And your mighty ones , Teman , shall be afraid , so that each man from the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter .
All the people that were left of the Amorites , the Hittites , the Perizzites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites who were not of the sons of Israel ,
In that day I will make a horn spring up to the house of Israel , and I will give to you the opening of the mouth in their midst . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
they commanded the sons of Benjamin , saying , Go , and you shall lie in wait in the vineyards .
And the rest were killed with the sword of the One sitting on the horse , it having gone out of His mouth . And all the birds were filled from their flesh .
For I bear witness to him , that he has much zeal on your behalf , and those in Laodicea , and those in Hierapolis .
Also came of the temple-slaves whom David and the leaders had chosen for the service of the Levites , two hundred and twenty temple-slaves . All of them were called by name .
For He knew the one betraying Him . For this reason He said , You are not all clean .
But Jesus said to him , Follow Me , and allow the dead to bury their own dead .
For Jehovah has called you as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit , even a wife of young men when she is rejected , says your God .
And the ass saw the Angel of Jehovah standing in the road , and His sword was drawn in His hand . And the ass turned out of the road and went into a field . And Balaam struck the ass , to turn it back into the road .


His roots are dried up beneath , and his branch shall wither above .
And four men , lepers , were at the gate entrance . And they said to one another , Why should we sit here until we die ?
And He said to them , Why are you so fearful ? How do you not have faith ?
After all this , when Josiah had prepared the house , Necho the king of Egypt came up to fight against Carchemish by the Euphrates ; and Josiah went out to meet him .
But the people were expecting , and all reasoning in their hearts about John , lest perhaps he is the Christ ,
So Jehovah says this : Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans , and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar , king of Babylon , and he shall take it .
And reading it , the governor asked from what province he is . And having learned that he was from Cilicia ,
And Peter sat outside in the court . And one girl came near to him , saying , And you were with Jesus the Galilean .
And if he should devote a field of his purchase , which is not of the fields of his possession ,
Command the sons of Israel , and they shall send every leper out of the camp , and everyone with an issue , and everyone defiled by a dead body .
Lift up your eyes all around and see ! They all gather and come to you . As I live , says Jehovah , you shall surely wear all of them as an ornament , and bind them on as a bride .
Then you will say , Your servant Jacob's . It is a present sent to my lord , to Esau ; and , behold , also he is behind us .
And Judah was gathered to inquire of Jehovah ; also they came in to seek Jehovah from all the cities of Judah .
And the sons of Reuben , and the sons of Gad , and the half tribe of Manasseh crossed over in battle array before the sons of Israel , as Moses had spoken to them ;
And he said , I pray , let me see Your glory .

And Saul said to him , Why have you conspired against me , you and the son of Jesse by your giving bread and a sword to him , and to ask of God for him , to rise up against me , to lie in wait , as at this day ?
in whom also you were circumcised with a circumcision not made by hands , in the putting off of the body of the sins of the flesh , by the circumcision of Christ ,
And if the priest shall come in and carefully look , and , behold , the plague has not spread in the house after the house has been plastered , then the priest shall pronounce the house clean ; for the plague has been healed .
So also you , if you do not give a clear word through the language , how will it be known what is being said ? For you will be speaking into air .
Then a division occurred again among the Jews , because of these words .
And the priest shall make atonement for him before Jehovah , and as regards to one thing of all that he has done , it shall be forgiven him , by being guilty in it .
You who fear Jehovah , trust in Jehovah ; He is their help and their shield .
And Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor , and their armies with them , about fifteen thousand , all who were left of all the army of the sons of the east . And those who fell were a hundred and twenty thousand men drawing sword .
And Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of the prophet .
The sons of Senaah , three thousand , six hundred and thirty .
And you shall make the boards for the tabernacle ; twenty boards on the south side , southward .
Do not slander a servant to his master , that he not curse you , and you be found guilty .
Also you shall take from there a few in number and bind them in your skirts .
Deliver me out of the mire , that I may not sink ; let me be delivered from those who hate me , and out of the deep waters .
The wise man's eyes are in his head ; but the fool walks in darkness ; and I also know that one event happens with all of them .
For Macedonia and Achaia thought it good to make certain gifts to the poor of the saints in Jerusalem .
For , lo , they have gone from destruction . Egypt shall gather them ; Memphis shall bury them . Nettles shall possess the desirable things of their silver ; thorns shall be in their tents .

Was it not You drying up the sea , the waters of the great deep , who made the depths of the sea a way for the redeemed to pass ?
And they were informed about you , that you teach falling away from Moses , telling all the Jews throughout the nations not to circumcise their children , nor to walk in the customs .
For as many as were baptized into Christ , you put on Christ .
Because truly in Thessalonica you sent to my need , both once and twice .
Since his days are fixed , the number of his months is with You , and You have appointed his hounds , and he cannot pass over ;
And Aaron did as Moses had spoken , and ran into the midst of the assembly . And , behold , the plague had begun among the people ! And he laid on the incense and atoned for the people ,
But it was not written for him only , that it was counted to him ,
Hear the word of Jehovah , O house of Jacob and all the families of the house of Israel .
And going out , they proclaimed that men should repent .
The Pharisee was standing , praying these things to himself : God , I thank You that I am not as the rest of men , rapacious , unrighteous , adulterers , or even as this tax collector .
And he who is to be cleansed shall wash his garments , and shall shave all his hair , and shall bathe with water , and shall be clean . And afterwards he shall come into the camp , and shall live on the outside of his tent seven days .
and say , How I have hated instruction , and my heart despised correction ;
to say to the prisoners , Go out ! To those who are in darkness , Show yourselves ! They shall feed in the ways , and their pastures shall be in all high places .
And he shall enter into the glorious land , and many will be stumbled . But these shall escape out of his hand : Edom and Moab , and the chief of the sons of Ammon .
And the name of the third river is Tigris ; it is the one going east of Assyria . And the fourth river is Euphrates .
Of the sons of Levi were four thousand , six hundred .
And it happened when the camels had finished drinking , the man took a golden ring , its weighing a half shekel , and two bracelets for her hands , ten of gold their weighing .
Your statutes have been my songs in the house of my pilgrimages .
One law shall be to the native , and to the visitor , the one staying in your midst .
To You , O my strength , I will sing ; for God is my strong tower , the God of my mercy .
And you shall drink it and drain it . And you shall break its fragments and tear off your breasts . For I have spoken , declares the Lord Jehovah .
O house of David , so says Jehovah : Do justice in the morning , and deliver the plundered one out of the hand of the oppressor , that My fury not go out like fire and burn so that none can put it out , because of the evil of your doings .
And knowing , Jesus said to them , Why do you reason because you have no loaves ? Do you not yet perceive nor realize ? Have you still hardened your heart ?
And it shall be the place which Jehovah your God shall choose to cause His name to dwell there , there you shall bring all that I am commanding you , your burnt offerings , and your sacrifices , your tithes , and the heave offering of your hand , and all your choice freewill offerings which you vow to Jehovah .
you shall bring in bread out of your dwellings for a wave offering , two loaves ; they shall be of two tenth ephah of flour ; they shall be baked with leaven ; firstfruits to Jehovah
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Pagiel the son of Ocran .
And He said , That passing out of the man , it is the thing that defiles the man .

And Israel sent messengers to the king of Edom , saying , Please let me pass on through your land , and the king of Edom did not listen . And Israel sent also to the king of Moab , and he was not willing . And Israel remained in Kadesh .
All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem . And it shall rise and dwell in its place , from Benjamin's Gate to the place of the First Gate , to the Corner Gate , and from the Tower of Hananeel to the king's winepresses .
And now know certainly that you shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the plague in the place where you desire to go to sojourn .
If a matter is too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between cause and cause , or between stroke and stroke , matters of strife within your gates , then you shall rise and go up to the place which Jehovah your God shall choose .
If this thing is to come about from my lord the king , then you have not caused your servant to know who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him .
There they dreaded with dread , where no dread was ; for God has scattered the bones of the one who besieges you ; you have put them to shame because God rejects them .
Therefore , I also came without complaint , being summoned . Then I ask for what reason did you send for me ?
And he shall take a wife in her virginity .
And Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite , the prince of the land , saw her , and took her , and lay with her , and humiliated her .
In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah , and made a king to reign over them .
and the rich one rejoice in his humiliation , because he will pass away like the flower of the grass .
And the sons of Judah came near to in Gilgal , and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenizzite said to him , You know the word that Jehovah spoke to Moses the man of God as to me and as to you in Kadesh-barnea .
But cursed be a deceiver and there is a male in his flock , yet he vows it , but he sacrifices a blemished one to the Lord . For I am a great King , says Jehovah of hosts , and My name is feared among the nations .
And the law went out that the wise men should be killed . And they looked for and his companions , to be killed .
And He went away again across the Jordan to the place where was at first baptizing and remained there .
And he said to her , Rise up , and we will go . But there was no answer . And he took her on the ass , and the man rose up and went to his place .
And the name of the man was Elimelech ; and the name of his wife Naomi . And the name of his two sons were Mahlon and Chilion , Ephrathites from Bethlehem-judah . And they came into the fields of Moab , and remained there .

Uriah the Hittite ; thirty seven in all .

All that your hand finds to do , do it with your strength . For there is no work , or planning , or knowledge , or wisdom , in Sheol , there where you go .

For God is not God of confusion , but of peace , as in all the churches of the saints .
To the chief musician . A Psalm of David . Waiting I have waited on Jehovah ; and He bowed to me and heard my cry .
And you have said , Behold , what weariness ! And you have sniffed at it , says Jehovah of hosts . And you bring plunder , and the lame , and the sick ; and you bring the meal offering . Should I accept it from your hand ? says Jehovah .
And laying hold of the blind one's hand , He led him forth outside the village . And spitting into his eyes , laying His hands on him , He asked him if he saw anything .

And the firstborn bore a son and called his name Moab ; he is the father of Moab to this day .
And coming near , the Pharisees asked Him if it is lawful for a man to put away a wife , testing Him .
and says the Lord , Jehovah of hosts , the mighty One of Israel , Alas ! I will be eased of My foes , and avenge Myself of My enemies .
And Solomon had twelve officers over all Israel . And they sustained the king and his household . Each man had one month in the year to provide .
On all Moab's housetops , and in its streets , is wailing for all . For I have broken Moab like a vessel ; no pleasure is in it , says Jehovah .
From Him came the cornerstone , from Him the nail , from Him came the battle bow , and from Him every ruler together .
My Justifier is near . Who will contend with Me ? Let us stand up together ; who is master of My judgment ? Let him come near to Me .
And the Spirit of Jehovah began to move him in the camp of Dan between Zorah and Eshtaol .
And the sons of Benjamin came out to meet the people . They were drawn away out of the city , and began to strike the people down wounded as at other times , in the highways , of which one goes up to Bethel , and one to Gibeah in the field , about thirty men of Israel .
Judah mourns , and her gates droop . They put on mourning for the land , and the cry of Jerusalem has gone up .
A man who loves pleasure shall be poor , he who loves wine and oil shall not be rich .

for the showing forth of His righteousness in the present time , for His being just and justifying the one that is of the faith of Jesus .
And the steward said within himself , What shall I do , for my Lord is taking away the stewardship from me ? I am not able to dig , and I am ashamed to beg .
And it shall be when they enter in the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with bleached linen garments . And wool shall not come up on them while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and in the house .
I speak what I have seen with My Father . And you therefore do what you have seen with your father .
And the layer of dew went up , and , behold , something small was on the face of the wilderness , scalelike , small like the hoarfrost on the earth .
to the Canaanite on the east , and on the west , and the Amorite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , and the Jebusite in the heights , and the Hivite below Hermon , in the land of Mizpeh .
For all the Prophets and the Law prophesied until John .
But I am hoping to see you at once , and we will speak mouth to mouth . Peace to you . The friends greet you . Greet the friends by name .
The temple-slaves : the sons of Ziha , the sons of Hashupha , the sons of Tabbaoth ,
And he shall speak words against the Most High , and he shall wear out the saints of the Most High . And he intends to change times and law . And they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and one half time .
Even as I called on you to remain in Ephesus , ( I going to Macedonia ) , that you might charge some not to teach other doctrines ,
Behold , I have caused to fall to you these nations that are left to be an inheritance for your tribes , from Jordan , with all the nations that I have cut off , as far as the Great Sea , toward the setting of the sun .
O come , let us worship and bow down ; let us kneel before Jehovah our Maker .
But answering , Jesus said , Truly I say to you , There is no one who forsook house , or brothers , or sisters , or father , or mother , or wife , or children , or lands , for My sake and the gospel ,
And by the spirit of Your anger waters were heaped up ; the running waters stood like a wall ; the depths congealed in the heart of the sea .
And passing through those parts , and exhorting them with much speech , he came into Greece .
" Because of this , a man shall leave his father and mother and shall be joined to his wife ,
And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa the king of Judah and said to him , Because you leaned on the king of Syria , and you have not leaned on Jehovah your God , therefore the army of the king of Syria has escaped from your hand .
Make me know Your ways , O Jehovah ; teach me Your paths ;
And Jesus stood before the governor . And the governor questioned Him , saying , Are you the king of the Jews ? And Jesus said to him , You say it .
And it happened in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar , Arioch king of Ellasar , Chedorlaomer , king of Elam , and Tidal king of the nations ,
of Jashub , the family of the Jashubites ; of Shimron , the family of the Shimronites .
And the sons of Carmi : Achan , the troubler of Israel , who sinned in the cursed thing .
And they assembled all the congregation on the first of the second month . And they declared their pedigrees according to their families , by their fathers house , according to the number of names , from a son of twenty years and upward , by their heads .
You have sent to John , and he has testified to the truth .
And the carcass of Jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of Jezreel , so that they shall not say , This is Jezebel .
break for break , eye for eye , tooth for tooth . As he has caused a blemish in a man , so it shall be done to him .
And these were the sons of Aaron : Eleazar , his son ; Phinehas , his son ; Abishua , his son ;
The families of the Gershonites were to encamp behind the tabernacle westward .

O vine of Sibmah , I will weep for you more than the weeping of Jazer . Your plants have crossed the sea ; they reach to the sea of Jazer . A ravager has fallen on your harvest , and on your grape crop .
And a fire burned in their company ; the flame burned up the wicked .
And a voice came out of the cloud , saying , This is My Son , the Beloved ; hear Him !
He bowed the heavens also and came down , and darkness was under His feet ;
And Isaac lived in Gerar .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Then to you who believe belongs the preciousness . But to disobeying ones , He is the " Stone which those building rejected ; this One became the Head-of-the-corner , "
And again the battle was in Gob with the Philistines , and Elhanan the son of Jaare-oregim the Bethlehemite struck Goliath the Gittite , and the wood of his spear was like a weaver's beam .
So says Jehovah , the Redeemer of Israel , His Holy One , to the despised of soul , to the hated of the nation , the servant of rulers , Kings shall see and rise up ; and chiefs shall worship ; because of Jehovah who is faithful , and the Holy One of Israel ; and He chose You .
And the Levites , of the sons of the Kohathites , and of the sons of the Korahites , rose to give praise to Jehovah the God of Israel with a loud voice on high .
For in the resurrection they neither marry nor are given in marriage , but they are as the angels of God in Heaven .
Or did the Word of God go out from you ? Or did it reach only to you ?
And I crushed them like the dust before the wind ; I emptied them out like the mire of the streets .
I rejoiced greatly because I found your children walking in truth , as we received command from the Father .
But he clung to the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin . He did not turn aside from it .
Is it not stored up with Me , sealed in My treasuries ?
But we made our prayer to our God , and set a watch against them day and night , because of them .
For it seems unreasonable to me to send a prisoner , and not also to signify the charges against him .
He who gathers in summer is a prudent son ; he who sleeps in harvest is a son who causes shame .
And the sons of Israel did evil again in the sight of Jehovah , and Jehovah gave them into the hand of Midian seven years .
Better are the ones slain by the sword than the ones slain by hunger , those who flow away , pierced because the produce of my fields failed .

Hear Me , knowers of righteousness , the people of My law in their heart ; do not fear the reproach of man , and do not be bowed from their blasphemings .
And her daughters who are in the field shall be killed by the sword . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
For the land shall be forsaken by them , and shall satisfy for its sabbaths , in the desolation without them . And they shall satisfy for their iniquity , because , even because , they have kicked against My judgments , and their soul has loathed My statutes .
And Gedaliah swore to them , and to their men , and said to them , Do not be afraid of the servants of the Chaldeans ; live in the land and serve the king of Babylon , and it shall be well with you .
And Hiram sent ships to him by the hand of his servants , and servants who knew the sea . And they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir , and took from there four hundred and fifty talents of gold , and brought it to king Solomon .
And the waters were strong , exceedingly violent on the earth , and all the high mountains under the heavens were covered .
And he shall separate to Jehovah the days of his consecration , and shall bring a he lamb of the first year for a guilt offering . But the former days shall be void , for his separation was defiled .

O Belteshazzar , master of the horoscopists , because I now that the spirit of the holy gods is in you , and no secret troubles you , tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen , and its meaning .
And they shall not go in to see when the holy thing is covered , that they may not die .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Go in to Pharaoh , for I have hardened his heart and the heart of his servants , so that I may set these signs of Mine in their midst ;

And of the sons of Benjamin , Saul's brothers , were three thousand . For before , the most of them had kept their allegiance to the house of Saul .
But some of them went away to the Pharisees and told them what Jesus had done .
O sword of Jehovah , until when will you not be quiet ? Put yourself into your sheath ; rest , and be still .
So says the Lord Jehovah : Enough for you , O rulers of Israel ! Turn away violence and oppression , and do justice and righteousness . Lift away your acts of violence from My people , declares the Lord Jehovah .
For then I will give a clear lip to the peoples , to call all of them by the name of Jehovah , to serve Him with one shoulder .
And he said , A hand is on the throne of Jehovah ; war is to Jehovah with Amalek from generation to generation .
Hear Me , pursuers of righteousness , seekers of Jehovah : Look to the rock from which you were cut , and to the hollow of the pit from which you were dug .
And they said , Oh my lord , coming we came down to buy food .
For his rulers were in Zoan , and his ambassadors reached to Hanes .
Five curtains shall be joined together , each to her sister And five curtains joined each to her sister .
The sons of Simeon : Nemuel , and Jamin , Jarib , Zerah , Shaul ;
The heart knows the bitterness of its soul , and a stranger does not mix in its joy .
And the man said to Joab , Yes , though I weighed a thousand silverlings in my hand , I would not put forth my hand to the king's son . For in our ears the king commanded you , and Abishai , and Ittai saying , Take heed , whoever goes against the young man , against Absalom .
So says Jehovah , Behold , I will bring evil on this place , and on its inhabitants , even all the words of the book which the king of Judah has read ;
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of the needle , than for a rich one to enter into the kingdom of God .
And his father Isaac answered and said to him , Behold , your dwelling shall be from the fat of the earth and from the dew of the heavens above ;
I looked , and , behold ! The fruitful place was a wilderness , and all its cities were broken down before the face of Jehovah , before His glowing anger .
And Moses and Aaron went on and gathered all the elders of the sons of Israel .
The way of the upright is to turn away from evil , he keeping his soul watches his way .
And there was a garden in the place where He was crucified , and a new tomb in the garden , in which no one yet ever had been placed .
The man who wanders out of the way of prudence shall rest in the congregation of departed spirits .
And you shall stone him with stones , and he shall die , for he has sought to drive you away from Jehovah your God , who brought you out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of slaves .
And he wrote there on the stones the copy of the law of Moses which he had written in the presence of the sons of Israel .
For this is God's will , your sanctification , for you to abstain from fornication ,
So says Jehovah , Behold , I am giving Pharaoh-hophra , king of Egypt , into the hand of his enemies , and into the hand of those who seek his soul , even as I gave Zedekiah , king of Judah , into the hand of Nebu-chadnezzar , the king of Babylon , his enemy that sought his soul .
Then I commanded , and they purified the rooms . And I returned there the vessels of the house of God , with the food offering and the frankincense .
And your offspring which you father after them , they shall be yours . According to the name of their brothers they shall be called in their inheritance .
For there are eunuchs who were born thus from their mother's womb , and there are eunuchs who were made eunuchs by men , and there are eunuchs who made eunuchs of themselves for the sake of the kingdom of Heaven . He who is able to receive , let him receive it .
who led you through the great and dreadful wilderness , with burning serpent , and scorpion , and thirsty ground where no water is ; who brought you water out of the flinty rock ;
And David and all the people with him rose up , and they passed over the Jordan until the light of the morning , until there was not one lacking who had not crossed the Jordan .
And in the top of the base was a round compass of half a cubit high . And on the top of the base its sides and its borders were from it .
And in this place again , " They shall not enter into My rest . "
A harsh vision is revealed to me ; the deceiver deals deceitfully , and the plunderer plunders . Go up , O Elam ! Besiege , O Media ! I have caused all her sighing to cease .
So says Jehovah : For three transgressions of Moab , and for four , I will not turn back from it , for he burned the bones of the king of Edom into lime .
And all the people crossed over the Jordan , and the king crossed over . And the king gave a kiss to Barzillai and blessed him . And he returned to his place .
I would have subdued their enemies in a little ; and I would have turned My hand against their foes .
The sun had risen on the earth , and Lot came into Zoar .
Fear not , for I am with you ; I will bring your seed from the sunrise ; and I will gather you from the sunset .
And if I throw out the demons by Beelzebub , by whom do your sons throw them out ? Because of this , they shall be your judges .
And if the man is poor , you shall not sleep with his pledge .

And they were most exceedingly amazed , saying , He has done all things well . He makes even the deaf to hear , and the dumb to speak .
And Jehovah looked and despised them because of the provocation of His sons and of His daughters .
And from the outside to the inner court were the singers' rooms in the inner court beside the north gate . And their face was southward , the one beside the east gate looked the way of the north .
The words of a whisperer are as delicacies , and they go down into the chambers of the heart .
two by two , as God had commanded Noah . they went into the ark , male and female .
And Jacob said , Swear to me today . And he swore to him and sold his birthright to Jacob .
And it angered David because Jehovah broke out a break against Uzzah . And one calls that place The Break of Uzzah to this day .
In Jehovah all of the seed of Israel shall be justified , and shall glory .
For Heshbon was the city of Sihon king of the Amorites . And he had fought against the former king of Moab and had taken his land out of his hand , to Arnon .
And she went up and laid him on the bed of the man of God , and shut the door on him , and went out .
The tree became great and strong , and its height reached to the sky , and its appearance to the end of all the earth .
The man , the lord of the land , spoke harsh things to us and considered us as spies in the land .

And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram and the bread which is in the basket at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
If you are reviled in the name of Christ , you are blessed , because " the Spirit of God and of glory rests on you . " Truly , according to them , He is blasphemed ; but according to you , He is glorified .
then You shall hear in Heaven , and shall act , and shall judge Your servants , to declare the wicked to be wicked , to put his way on his head , and to declare the righteous to be righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
And he shall sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering on the side of the altar , and that which remains of the blood shall be drained at the base of the altar ; it is a sin offering .
then it shall be , if it be done in error by the congregation , by ignorance , even all the congregation shall offer a son of the herd , one bullock , for a burnt offering , for a soothing fragrance to Jehovah , and its food offering , and its drink offering , according to the ordinance ; and one kid of the goats for a sin offering .


But much rather the members of the body seeming to be weaker are necessary .
that Jehovah not see and it be evil in His eyes , and He turn away His anger from him .
For indeed circumcision profits if you practice the Law , but if you are a transgressor of Law , your circumcision becomes uncircumcision .
and the Amorite and the Canaanite , and the Girgashite , and the Jebusite .
Send Your hand from above ; rescue me and deliver me out of great waters , from the hand of a foreigner's sons ,
You , O king , have made a decree that every man who shall hear the sound of the horn , the pipe , zither , the lyre , harp , and the bagpipe , and all kinds of music , shall fall down and worship the golden image .

And David feared Jehovah on that day , and said , How shall the ark of Jehovah come to me ?
And Samuel lay until the morning . And he opened the doors of the house of Jehovah . And Samuel was afraid to tell the vision to Eli .
And he removed the foreign gods , and the idol out of the house of Jehovah , and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of Jehovah and in Jerusalem , and threw them outside the city .
In that day one shall lift up a parable against you and lament a lament of lamenting . He says , We shall be completely laid waste . He has exchanged the share of my people . How He has removed it for me ! To the turncoat He has divided the fields .
And Elijah said to Ahab , Go up , eat and drink , because of the sound of abundance of rain .
And he saying these things , a cloud came and overshadowed them . And they feared as those entered into the cloud .
For all the land which you see I will give to you , and to your seed forever .
Whatever prayer , whatever supplication shall be made for any man , and for all Your people Israel , when they know each one his own plague , and his own grief , and he shall spread out his palms toward this house ;

He sends out His word and melts them ; He causes His wind to blow , and the waters flow .
And she wrote letters in the name of Ahab , and sealed with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles of his city , dwelling with Naboth .
and from Joiarib was Mattenai ; from Jedaiah was Uzzi ;
And to the hangings for the second side , fifteen ; their pillars three , and their sockets three .
And it was Mary who anointed the Lord with ointment and wiped His feet with her hair , whose brother Lazarus was sick .
And I washed you with water ; I washed away your blood from you , and I anointed you with oil .
And Israel rebelled against the house of David to this day .
He will come in that day , he who escaped to you , to cause you to hear with your ears .
And Aaron spoke all the words which Jehovah had spoken to Moses . And he did the signs before the people .
And the king said to her , Do not be afraid . For what have you seen ? And the woman said to Saul , I have seen a god coming up out of the earth .
And now , my son , listen to my voice , and rise , flee for yourself to my brother Laban , to Haran .
And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand , and I took the grapes and pressed them into the cup of Pharaoh ; and I gave the cup into the hand of Pharaoh .
You shall not eat any abominable thing .

And Saul tried to strike with the spear through David and through the wall . But he burst forth from Saul's presence . And he struck the spear through the wall . And David fled , and escaped during that night .
Say to your brothers , A people ; and to your sisters , Mercy .
whose are the fathers , and from whom is the Christ according to flesh , He being God over all , blessed forever . Amen .
You shall keep my statutes ; you shall not cause your livestock to breed with different kinds ; you shall not sow two kinds in your field ; and you shall not allow a garment mixed of linen and wool to come upon you .
and Elon , and Timnah , and Ekron ,

Then you shall say , A sacrifice of a passover of Jehovah , who passed over the houses of the sons of Israel in Egypt when He struck Egypt . And He delivered our houses . And the people bowed and worshiped .
And now I have sent a skilled man having understanding , of Hiram my father ,

And Jehovah said to Moses , If her father had but spat in her face , should she not be ashamed seven days ? She shall be shut out seven days at the outside of the camp , and afterward she shall be brought in .
And Mephibosheth said to the king , Yes , let him take all , since my lord the king has come in peace to his house .
In the second month , on the fourteenth day at dusk , they shall keep it ; they shall eat it with unleavened cakes and bitter herbs ;
But the crowds pressing on Him , He began to say , This is an evil generation . It seeks a sign , and a sign will not be given to it , except the sign of Jonah the prophet .
and one goat , a sin offering to atone for you ,

But keep back from foolish questionings and genealogies and arguments and quarrels of law , for they are unprofitable and vain .
And a gate was to the inner court southward . And he measured from gate to gate , southward , a hundred cubits .
Joash was a son of seven years when he began to reign .


For as the heavens are above the earth , so is His mercy mighty over those who fear Him .
and he took counsel with his leaders and his mighty ones , to stop the waters of the fountains that were on the outside of the city ; and they helped him .
even gold by weight for things of gold , for all the vessels silver by weight , silver for all vessels of service and service ; for all the service and service ;
And Hezekiah had great riches and honor , and he had very many treasures of silver for himself , and of gold , and of precious stones , and of spices , and of shields , and of all desirable vessels ,
For not anything is hidden but that it will be revealed , nor anything become covered but that it will come to light .
in the courts of the house of Jehovah ; in your midst , O Jerusalem . Praise Jehovah !
And we captured all his cities at that time , and utterly destroyed every city , men and women and little ones . We did not leave a remnant .
So all Your enemies shall perish , O Jehovah , and those who love Him shall be as the sun when it goes forth in its might . And the land had rest forty years .
Truly , truly , I say to you , the one believing into Me has everlasting life .
And the man from whom the demons had gone out begged Him , desiring to be with Him . But Jesus sent him away , saying ,
And he made the middle bar to go through the middle of the boards , from end to end .
And He ordered the crowds to recline on the ground .
and might reconcile both in one body to God through the cross , slaying the enmity in Himself .
Or do we provoke the Lord to jealousy ? Are we stronger than He ?
And they began to examine themselves who then it may be of them , the one being about to do this .
And the man of God said , Where did it fall ? And he showed him the place . And he cut a stick and threw it in there , and made the iron float .
What I say to you in the darkness , speak in the light . And what you hear in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
Manasseh was a son of twelve years when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem fifty five years .
I would that you were bearing with me a little in foolishness ; but , indeed , bear with me .
So let us keep the feast , not with old leaven , nor with leaven of malice and of evil , but with unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
And being present with you and lacking , I was not a burden to anyone . The brothers coming from Macedonia completely made up for my lack . And in every way I kept myself without burden to you , and I will keep myself .
And these are the sons of Ehud ; these are they , the heads of the fathers to the dwellers of Geba ; and they exiled them to Manahath .
He shall bring his offering with the cakes of unleavened bread with the sacrifice of thanksgiving , his peace offerings .

And answering , to him , Jesus said , Get behind Me , Satan ! For it has been written : " You shall worship the Lord your God , and Him only you shall serve . "
And all the congregation of the sons of Israel , and the alien that lives among them , shall be forgiven ; for as to all the people , it was in ignorance .
For Jehovah of Hosts has purposed . And who shall reverse it ? And His hand is stretched out . Who shall turn it back ?
He holds back his soul from the Pit , and his life from passing by the sword .
and the rain came down , and the rivers came up , and the winds blew and beat against that house ; and it fell , and great was the fall of it .
You know , for then you were born , and the number of your days is great .
And there was a voice out of the heavens , You are My Son , the Beloved , in whom I take delight .
Anyone who draws near to the tabernacle of Jehovah shall die ; shall we be consumed to die ?
and knowledge with self-control ; and self-control with patience ; and patience with godliness ;
And the chief of the bakers saw that the interpretation was good . And he said to Joseph , I also in my dream saw three baskets of white bread on my head .
The tender and delicate woman among you , who would not have ventured to set the sole of her foot on the ground for delicateness and tenderness , her eye shall be evil against the husband of her bosom , and against her son , and against her daughter ;
We have given the hand to the Egyptians , to the Assyrian , in order to be satisfied with bread .
And a thousand for a tribe were given out of the thousands of Israel , twelve thousand armed ones of the army .
The earth shook , and the heavens dropped before God , this Sinai before God , the God of Israel .
God has gone up with a shout , Jehovah with the sound of a ram's horn .

It is the Spirit that gives life . The flesh does not profit , nothing ! The words which I speak to you are spirit and are life .
He casts out His ice like crumbs ; who can stand before His cold ?
But hearing , Herod said , This one is John whom I beheaded . He has risen from the dead .
And I do not want you to be ignorant , brothers , that our fathers were all under the cloud , and all passed through the Sea .
And until day was about to come , Paul begged all to partake of food , saying , Today is the fourteenth day you continued waiting without food , not having taken anything .
And you shall levy a tribute to Jehovah from the men of war who went out to the battle : one body out of five hundred , of men , and of the herd , and of the asses , and of the flock ,

And the king took his ring from his hand , and gave it to Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite , the Jews' vexer .
What man is like Job , who drinks up derision like water ;
for every beast of the forest is Mine ; the cattle on a thousand hills ;
And if his hand cannot reach to two turtledoves , or two offspring of a dove , then he who sinned shall bring his offering , a tenth of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering ; he shall not put oil on it , nor put frankincense on it ; for it is a sin offering .
That which the wicked fears shall come upon him , but the desire of the righteous is granted .
And it happened , in His being in one of the cities , even behold , a man full of leprosy ! And seeing Jesus , falling on his face , he begged Him , saying , Lord , if You choose , You are able to cleanse me .
Do not plan evil against your neighbor , since he lives securely by you .
And Samson and his father and his mother went down to Timnath . And they came to the vineyards of Timnath . And , behold , a young lion roaring to meet him .
They shall call its nobles to a kingdom , but none shall be there ; and all her rulers shall be nothing .
And he lifted up the mantle of Elijah that had fallen from him , and turned back and stood on the lip of the Jordan .
And out of His fullness we all received , and grace on top of grace .
And she shall remain in the blood of her cleansing thirty three days ; she shall not touch any holy thing , and she shall not go into the sanctuary , until the days of her cleansing are fulfilled .
And you have not let me kiss my sons and my daughters . Now you have been foolish to do this .
And the sons of Aaron , the priests , shall blow with the trumpets . And they shall be to you for a never ending statute throughout your generations .
For they committed adultery , and blood is on their hands . Yea , they committed adultery with their idols , and even their sons whom they bore to Me , they cause to pass to them to be consumed .
You will shake for days on a year , confident women ; for the vintage fails ; the harvest will not come .
If the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do not leave your place ; for composure quiets great offenses .
Is not my help within me ? And is wisdom driven from me ?
But You , O Jehovah , be not far off ; O My Strength , hurry to help Me !
And behold ! I have struck My palm against your unjust gain which you have made , and at your blood which has been in your midst .
And the earth was corrupt before God , and the earth was filled with violence .
And I will say to my soul , Soul , you have many goods laid up for many years ; take rest , eat , drink , and be glad .

And I commanded the Levites that they should be cleansing themselves , and they should come guarding the gates , to sanctify the Sabbath day . O my God , remember me for this also and spare me according to the greatness of Your mercy .
And if you will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you , then it shall be , those whom you let remain of them shall be thorns in your eyes , and as goads in your sides . And they will vex you on the land in which you are living .
For a certain silversmith named Demetrius was making silver shrines of Artemis , providing no little trade for the craftsmen .
And the messenger who had gone to call Micaiah spoke to him , saying , Behold , the words of the prophets speak with one mouth , good toward the king . And , Please let your word be like one of theirs , and you shall speak good .
For the rest , then brothers , we beg you and we exhort in the Lord Jesus , even as you received from us how you ought to walk and to please God , that you abound more .
until Jehovah shall look down and see from Heaven .
The sons of Ezer : Bilhan and Zaavan and Jakan . The sons of Dishan : Uz and Aran .
And now , because His anger has not visited , and He does not recognize great stupidity ,
So the Lord Jehovah says this : An enemy ! And he shall be all around the land . And he shall bring you down from your fortress , and your palaces shall be plundered .
And you shall put the two stones on the shoulderpieces of the ephod , stones of remembrance for the sons of Israel . And Aaron shall bear their names before the face of Jehovah , on his two shoulders for a remembrance .
Behold ! I stand at the well of water , and when the virgin comes out to draw water , and I say to her , Please let me drink a little water from your pitcher ,

And I will send hornets before you which shall drive out the Hivite , the Canaanite , and the Hittite before you .
And behold , there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon . And this man was righteous and devout , eagerly expecting the Consolation of Israel . And the Holy Spirit was upon him .
And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil on his left palm and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before Jehovah .
Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings , You have ordained strength , because of Your tormenters , to cause the enemy and the avenger to cease .
they are holy to their God , and they shall not pollute the name of their God . For they offer the fire offerings of Jehovah , bread of their God , and they are holy .

And he spoke before his brothers and the army of Samaria and said , What are these feeble Jews doing ? Will they forsake themselves ? Will they sacrifice ? Will they make an end in a day ? Will they bring to life the stones out of the heaps of the rubbish which are burned ?
You pierced the head of his warriors with his shafts . They rush to scatter me ; their rejoicing is to devour the meek in a secret place .
And if you shall heed the voice of Jehovah your God , taking heed to do all His commandments which I command you this day , Jehovah your God shall set you on high above all nations of the earth .
Shalmaneser the king of Assyria came against him , and Hoshea was a servant to him , and paid him tribute .
For everyone practicing wickedness hates the Light , and does not come to the Light , that his works may not be exposed .
He shall find a wound and dishonor , and his shame shall not be wiped away .
I will send my servants to you tomorrow about this time , and they shall search your house , and your servants' houses ; and it shall be that whatever is pleasing in your eyes , they will put it in their hand and take it away .
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son , that everyone believing into Him should not perish , but have everlasting life .
Then the king went to his palace and spent the night fasting . and diversions were not brought before him ; and his sleep fled from him .
And Pharaoh commanded all his people , saying , Every son that is born , you shall cast him into the river . And you shall keep alive every daughter .
But we speak wisdom among the perfect , but not the wisdom of this age , nor of the rulers of this age , those being brought to nothing .

He shall lean on his house , but it shall not stand ; he shall hold fast to it , but it shall not endure .
There were two debtors to a certain creditor : the one owed five hundred denarii and the other fifty .
And send them to the king of Edom , and to the king of Moab , and to the king of the sons of Ammon , and to the king of Tyre , and to the king of Sidon , by the hand of the messengers who came to Jerusalem to Zedekiah , king of Judah .

And God called the dry land , Earth . And He called the collection of the waters , Seas . And God saw that it was good .
If you have nothing to repay , why should he take away your bed from under you ?
He has scattered ; he has given to the needy ; his righteousness is standing forever ; his horn shall be lifted up with honor .
But today you have rejected your God who Himself is your deliverer from all your evils and your distresses ; yet you say to Him , But set a king over us ! And now present yourselves before the face of Jehovah , by your tribes and by your families .

and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites ; and the sons of David were first ones at the hand of the king .
Behold , so the days come , says Jehovah , that they shall no more say , As Jehovah lives , who brought the sons of Israel up out of the land of Egypt ;
The good man out of the good treasure of the heart puts forth good things . And the evil man out of the evil treasure puts forth evil things .
who lie on beds of ivory and stretch themselves on their couches ; and those eating the lambs from the flock , and bull calves from the midst of the stall ;
to receive instruction in prudence , justice , and judgment , and uprightness ;
As we have said before , and now I say again , If anyone announces a gospel to you beside what you received , let him be accursed .
and shall keep alive my father , and my mother , and my brothers , and my sisters , and all that they own and shall deliver our souls from death .
And He spoke a parable to them : A blind one is not able to guide a blind one . Will they not both fall into the ditch ?
And if he strikes him with an instrument of iron , and he dies , he is a murderer ; the murderer shall surely be put to death .
And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramoth-gilead .
And the time was fulfilled to Elizabeth for her to bear , and she bore a son .
Then I was left alone , and I saw his great vision , and there remained no strength in me . For my glory was turned within me into corruption , and I kept no strength .
The one receiving His testimony has sealed that God is true .
Their drink is sour . They are continually fornicating . Her shields dearly love shame .
And He gave their request to them , but sent wasting into their soul .
For many came out from those having unclean spirits , crying with a loud voice . And many who had been paralyzed and lame were healed .
And Pharaoh's heart was hardened , and he did not send away the sons of Israel , as Jehovah had said by the hand of Moses .
But give alms of the things which are within , and behold , all things are clean to you .
And Manoah said to the Angel of Jehovah , Please let us keep You , and prepare before You a kid of the goats .

You are your mother's daughter who despises her husband and her sons . And you are the sister of your sisters who despise their husbands and their sons . Your mother was a Hittite and your father was an Amorite .
Then Martha said to Jesus , Lord , if You were here , my brother would not be dead .
It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God .
and provoked Him with their deeds ; and a plague broke out among them .
but the Word of the Lord remains forever . " And this is the Word announced as gospel to you .
Behold , I am about to send an Angel before you , to guard you in the way , and to bring you to the place which I have prepared .
and the stars of the heaven fell to the earth , as a fig tree being shaken by a great wind casts its unripe figs .
But forsaking the linen cloth , he fled from them naked .
On account of this the anger of Jehovah is kindled on His people , and He has stretched out His hand against them , and has struck them ; and the mountains quaked , and their dead bodies were as filth in the midst of the streets . In all this His anger does not turn away , but His hand is stretched out still .
Do not desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
Going forward , these awaited us in Troas .
and latticed windows were to the rooms and to their pillars inside the gate all around ; and so for the porches ; and windows were all around inside ; and to a pillar were palm trees .
And let the king choose officers in all the provinces of his kingdom , so that they may gather together every beautiful young virgin to Shushan the palace , to the house of the women , to the hand of Hegai the king's eunuch , keeper of the women , to give their purifications .

If a man lies with his aunt , he has uncovered the nakedness of his uncle ; they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
And He said to the disciples , Days will come when you will long to see one of the days of the Son of man , and will not see .
O Jehovah , You have brought up my soul from Sheol ; You have kept me alive , from going down into the Pit .
You also guard against him , for he greatly withstood our words .
Let Your priests be clothed with righteousness , and let Your saints shout for joy .
Then answered and said to Amaziah : I was not a prophet , nor was I a prophet's son , but I was a herdsman and a gatherer from sycamore trees .
And those remaining fled to Aphek , to the city . And the wall fell on twenty seven thousand of those left . And Ben-hadad fled , and came into the city , into an inner room .


At that time it shall be said to this people and to Jerusalem , A hot wind from the bare hills in the desert toward the daughter of My people , not to sift nor to cleanse !
even while he had not yet returned , or go back to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam , the son of Shaphan , whom the king of Babylon has appointed over the cities of Judah , and live with him among the people . Or to all that is right in your eyes to go , go . And the chief of the executioners gave him ration and a reward , and sent him away .
And I contended with the nobles of Judah and said to them , What is this evil thing that you do , defiling the Sabbath day ?
And he took the calf which they had made and burned it with fire and ground it until it was fine , then he scattered it on the face of the water . And he made the sons of Israel to drink it .
And Jehovah said to Joshua , Do not fear before them , for about this time tomorrow I will give all of them up wounded before Israel . You shall hamstring their horses , and burn their chariots with fire .
A gracious woman holds to honor , and terrifying men hold to riches .
Every one opening the womb is Mine , and all your male livestock , a firstling of ox or sheep ,
The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up ; his sin is hidden .
But he did not kill their sons , but did as is written in the law , in the Book of Moses , whom Jehovah commanded , saying , The fathers shall not die for the sons , and the sons shall not die for the fathers ; but they each shall die for his own sin .
To Him be the glory and the might forever and ever . Amen .
We have a little sister , and she has no breasts . What shall we do for our sister in the day she shall be spoken for ?
The sons of Joel : Shemaiah , his son ; Gog , his son ; Shimei , his son ;
And after a while , another seeing him said , You also are of them . But Peter said , Man , I am not .

And answering , Jesus said to them , Have you never read this , what David did when he hungered , and those being with him ?
I have said to corruption , You are my father ; to the worm , My mother and my sister .
Our fathers trusted in You ; they trusted , and You delivered them .

And Jehoshaphat said , Is there not here a prophet of Jehovah , that we may inquire of Jehovah by him ? And one of the servants of the king of Israel answered and said , Here is Elisha the son of Shaphat , who poured water on the hands of Elijah .
that my grief is great , and a never ceasing pain is in my heart ,
to a virgin who had been betrothed to a man whose name was Joseph , of the house of David ; and the virgin's name was Mariam .

And if he wronged you in anything , or owes , reckon this to me .
And their words seemed like foolishness to them , and they did not believe them .
Then Jesus arrived from Galilee to the Jordan , to John , to be baptized by him .
And he overlaid the house with precious stones for beauty , and the gold was gold from Parvaim .
that you may suck and be satisfied with her comforting breasts ; that you may milk out and delight yourselves with the fullness of her glory .
Howl , fir tree , for the cedar has fallen , because the majestic trees have been destroyed . Howl , O oaks of Bashan , for the inaccessible forest has come down .
On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan , ruler of the sons of Naphtali offered ;
And Jehovah sold them into the hand of Jabin the king of Canaan , who ruled in Hazor . And his army commander was Sisera ; and he lived in Harosheth of the nations .
My defense to those examining me is this :

How long is this there in the heart of the prophets , the prophets of lies ; yea , the prophets of the deceit of their own heart ?
If you are cast out to the end of the heavens , Jehovah your God shall gather you from there , and He shall take you from there .
For they went and served other gods , and worshiped them , gods which they did not know , and who had not given to them any portion .
But his fellow slaves , seeing the things happening , they were greatly grieved . And coming they reported to their lord all the things happening .
Let us go up against Judah and make her to dread , and break her for ourselves , and set a king in her midst , the son of Tabeal .
You shall be merciful to the sons of Barzillai the Gileadite , and they shall be among those eating at your table , for so they drew near to me when I fled from the face of your brother Absalom .
Because of this I will wail and howl ; I will go stripped and naked ; I will make a wailing like the jackal , yea , mourn like the daughters of an ostrich .
And David sent spies , and he knew that Saul had certainly come to Nachon .
These were heads of the fathers , by their generations , chiefs . These lived in Jerusalem .
And going out , the Pharisees at once took counsel with the Herodians against Him , how they might destroy Him .
But the feast now being half over , Jesus went up to the temple and taught .
Then teaching , Jesus cried out in the temple , even saying , You both know Me , and you know from where I am . And I have not come from Myself , but He sending Me is true , whom you do not know .
Its swamps and its marshes shall not even be healed , they shall be given to salt .
And Abijah joined the battle with an army of mighty men of war , four hundred thousand chosen men . And Jeroboam had set the battle in order with him , with eight hundred thousand chosen men , mighty men of valor .
You only have I known of all the families of the earth . On account of this , I will punish you for all your iniquities .
But for David's sake Jehovah his God gave to him a lamp in Jerusalem , to raise up his son after him , and to establish Jerusalem .
He comes forth like a flower , and withers ; he also flees as a shadow , and does not stand .
A rebel seeks evil , so a cruel messenger is sent against him .
Wisdom has built her house ; she has carved out her seven pillars ;
And when the matter was searched into , it was found out ; and the two of them were hanged on a tree . And it was written in the Book of the Matters of the Days Before the king .
On each sabbath day he shall arrange it before Jehovah continually , from the sons of Israel , a never ending covenant .
And you shall eat there before Jehovah your God , and shall rejoice in all that you put your hand to , you and your households , with which Jehovah your God has blessed you .
Do you not know that your bodies are members of Christ ? Then taking the members of Christ , shall I make them members of a harlot ? Let it not be !

Upright ones shall be amazed at this ; and the innocent shall stir himself against the ungodly .
Did not He who made me in the belly make him ? And did not One shape us in the womb ?
For He says to the snow , Fall on the earth ; also to the shower of rain , and the shower of heavy rains .
because today a Savior , who is Christ the Lord , was born to you in the city of David .
And you shall speak to Pharaoh , So says Jehovah , My son , My first-born is Israel .
Woe to Ariel , to Ariel , the city where David camped . Add year on year ; let feasts run their circle .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
Therefore , brothers , be long-suffering until the coming of the Lord . Behold , the farmer waits for the precious fruit of the earth , being long-suffering over it until it may receive the early and the latter rain .
And whoever will exalt himself shall be humbled , and whoever will humble himself shall be exalted .
And you are puffed up , and have not rather mourned , that he that did this deed might be taken from your midst .

And Joab came to the king , and said , What have you done ? Behold , Abner has come to you ; why is this , that you have sent him away , and he is already gone ?
And it happened , the number of the days that David was king in Hebron , over the house of Judah , was seven years and six months .
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's wife ; it is the nakedness of your father .
the son of Jahath , the son of Gershom , the son of Levi .
Then was thrust in before the king . The king spoke and said to Daniel , Are you that who is of the sons of the exiled of Judah , whom my father the king brought out of Judah ?
I , Jehovah , have called You in righteousness , and will hold Your hand , and will keep You , and give You for a covenant of the people , for a Light of the nations ;
And the house of Joseph went up ; they also against Bethel . And Jehovah was with them .
Then Ahaziah the son of Ahab said to Jehoshaphat , Let my servants go with your servants in the ships . But Jehoshaphat was not willing .
And this happened over two years , so as all those living in Asia heard the Word of the Lord Jesus , both Jews and Greeks .
Then Jehovah said to me , You have seen well ; for I will watch over My word to perform it .
And the priest shall sprinkle the blood on the altar of Jehovah , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall burn the fat as incense for a soothing fragrance to Jehovah .

Yea , Jehovah will answer and say to His people , Behold , I will send you grain , and wine , and oil , and you shall be satisfied with it . And I will no more make you a curse among the nations .
These are the families of the Simeonites , twenty two thousand , two hundred .
And Manoah said , Then let Your words come about . What shall be the way of the boy , and his undertaking ?
So they shall be confounded ; their tongue falls upon themselves ; everyone seeing them shall flee .
It shall not seem hard in your eyes when you send him away free from you . For to the double of the hire of a hireling he has served you six years . And Jehovah your God will bless you in all that you do .
And they came to the other side of the sea , to the country of the Gadarenes .
You shall eat , but not be satisfied , and your hunger shall be in your midst . And you shall draw back , but shall not save ; and that which you save , I will give up to the sword .
But to what shall I compare this generation ? It is like little children sitting in the markets , and calling to their mates ,
For they all were alarmers of us , saying , Their hands shall be weakened from the work , and it will not be done . And now , make my hands strong .
And Abram was eighty six years old when Hagar bore Ishmael to Abram .
Truly I say to you , I will not at all drink of the fruit of the vine any more until that day when I drink it new in the kingdom of God .

So the priests and the Levites took the weight of the silver , and the gold , and the articles , to bring them to Jerusalem , to the house of our God .
And you shall be brought near in the morning , by your tribes . And it shall be , the tribe which Jehovah takes shall draw near by families . And the family which Jehovah takes shall draw near by households . And the household which Jehovah takes shall draw near by men .
She has girded her loins with strength , and has made her arms strong .
to the left where He works , but I cannot see ; He turns to the right , but I do not see Him .
And it happened , as she spoke to Joseph day after day , he did not listen to her , to lie beside her , to be with her .
And now do it . For Jehovah has spoken of David , saying , By the hand of My servant David He will save My people Israel out of the hand of the Philistines , and out of the hand of all their enemies .
And he brought the food offering and filled his palm from it , and burned it as incense on the altar , besides the burnt offering of the morning .
And these were the heads of the mighty men who were to David , making themselves strong with him in his kingdom , with all Israel , to cause him to reign over Israel , according to the word of Jehovah .
For so Jehovah said to me , I will rest , and I will watch My dwelling place ; as the glowing heat on light ; as the cloud of dew in the heat of harvest .
Remember His wonders that He has done , His miracles , and the judgments of His mouth ,
For He looked upon the humiliation of His slave woman . For , behold , from now on all generations will count me blessed .
You also gave Your good Spirit to teach them , and did not withhold Your manna from their mouth , and gave them water for their thirst .
Or how will you say to your brother , Allow me to cast out the twig from your eye ; and behold , the log is in your eye !
And it shall be in that day , a great panic of Jehovah shall be among them ; and they shall each one lay hold of his neighbor , and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbor .
and Beth-peor , and the Slopes of Pisgah , and Beth-jeshimoth ;

And he said , I will do this ; I will tear down my barns and I will build larger ; and I will gather there all my produce and my goods .
For I will not contend forever , nor will I always be angry , for the spirit would faint before Me , even the breaths I have made .
Then I will leave you on the land ; I will hurl you on the face of the field and will make all the birds of the heavens to dwell on you , And I will fill the beasts of all the earth from you .
By faith dying Jacob blessed each of the sons of Joseph , and " worshiped on the top of his staff . "
And they shall not pollute the holy things of the sons of Israel , that which they lift up to Jehovah ;
And Hiram the king of Tyre sent his servants to Solomon , for he heard that they had anointed him king instead of his father . For Hiram was a lover of David all his days .
And Jaziz the Hagerite was over the flocks All these were the rulers of the possessions which king David had .
And the king called for the Gibeonites and said to them ( as to the Gibeonites , they were not of the sons of Israel , but of the remnant of the Amorites , and the sons of Israel had sworn to them ) and Saul sought to strike them in his zeal for the sons of Israel and Judah .
A man of friends may be broken up , but there is a Lover who sticks closer than a brother .
And My hand has made all these things , even all these things exist , declares Jehovah . But I will look toward this one , to the afflicted , and to the contrite of spirit , even trembling at My word .

Do they not blaspheme the good Name called on you ?
He said , Yes . And when he entered into the house , Jesus anticipated him , saying , What do you think , Simon ? From whom do the kings of the earth receive custom or tribute ? From their sons or from strangers ?
And you shall offer a burnt offering , a fire offering , a soothing fragrance to Jehovah : one bullock , one ram , seven lambs , sons of a year , perfect ones ;
And they called the name of that place Bochim : and sacrificied to Jehovah there .
Now , have I come up against this place to destroy it without Jehovah ? Jehovah said to me , Go up against this land , and you shall destroy it .
Healing shall be to your navel and marrow to your bones .

And in the same way , a Levite , also being at the place , coming and seeing him , he passed on the opposite side .
And they said , A lie ! Tell us now . And he said , This and this he said to me , saying , So says Jehovah , I have anointed you king over Israel .
Such the earthy man , such also the earthy ones . And such the heavenly Man , such also the heavenly ones .
And when these days were fulfilled , the king made a banquet for all the peoples who were found in Shushan the palace , both to great and to small , for seven days in the court of the garden of the king's palace .
Son of man , put forth a riddle and speak a parable to the house of Israel .
Who can by wisdom number the clouds or who can lay down the jars of the heavens ,
and in no way he honors his father or his mother . And you annulled the command of God on account of your tradition .
The locust shall possess all your trees and fruit of your ground .
And it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month in the seventh of the month , the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Are not these the words which Jehovah proclaimed by the former prophets , when Jerusalem was inhabited , and prosperous with her cities all around her , and the Negeb and the Shephelah were inhabited ?
And after a little , coming near , those standing by said to Peter , Truly you also are of them , for even your speech makes you known .
On the first day shall be a holy gathering ; you shall do no work of service .
mountains and all hills , fruitful trees and all cedars ,
And the earthen vessel that he who discharges touches shall be broken ; and every wooden vessel shall be rinsed in water .
And you shall bear no sin because of it , since you have lifted up from it the best of it . And you shall not profaned the holy things of the sons of Israel so that you may not die .
And He said to them , Beware , and keep back from covetousness ; for one's life is not in the abundance of the things which are his .

You shall prepare the way for yourself , and shall divide into three parts the border of your land which Jehovah your God shall cause you to inherit , so that every manslayer may flee there .
For a man to cease from strife is an honor , but every fool exposes himself .
But he did not give any to the sons of Kohath , because the service of the holy things belonged to them . They bore them on their shoulders .
O My mountain in the field ! I will give your wealth , all your treasures , for prey , your high places for sin throughout all your borders .
Crashings fill the noisy city , the joyous city . Your slain ones are not slain by the sword , nor dead in battle .
And he gathered all Israel's rulers , and the priests , and the Levites .
But Jehovah was angry with me on your account , and would not listen to me . And Jehovah said to me , let it be enough for you ; do not speak any more to Me about this thing .
There is no soundness in my flesh because of Your anger ; nor peace in my bones because of my sin .


They said to Him , Lord , that our eyes may be opened .
through the proof of this service , they glorifying God by your freely expressed submission to the gospel of Christ , and the generosity of the fellowship toward them and toward all ;

My son , if sinners lure you , do not be willing .
And the people heard this evil word , and they mourned , and did not put any ornaments on themselves .
And you shall make images of your hemorrhoids , and images of your mice that are corrupting the land , and shall give honor to the God of Israel . It may be that He will lighten His hand from off you and from off your gods , and from off your land .
And when did we see You a stranger , and took You in ; or naked , and clothed You ?
one golden pan of ten shekels full of incense ;
Then when he had gone out , Jesus said , Now the Son of man was glorified , and God was glorified in Him .
You will give faithfulness to Jacob , kindness to Abraham , which You have sworn to our fathers from the days of old .

Blessed are the meek ! For they shall inherit the earth .
that you not say in your heart , My power and the might of my hand have gotten me this wealth .
His sons seek the poor's favors ; and his hands shall restore his wealth .

And between the rooms was the width of twenty cubits circling the house all around .
But if we walk in the light , as He is in the light , we have fellowship with one another , and the blood of His Son Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin .
For He spoke , and it came into being ; He commanded , and it stood fast .

And he said , Behold , I pray , I have undertaken to speak to the Lord ; perhaps twenty will be found there . And He said I will not destroy because of the twenty .
And Jehovah said to me , What do you see , Jeremiah ? And I said , Figs . The good figs are very good , and the bad are very bad , so that they cannot be eaten from their badness .
And two of the men were left in the camp , the name of the one being Eldad , and the name of the second Medad ; and the spirit rested on them , and they were among those written , but did not go out to the tabernacle And they prophesied in the camp .
And the sons of the stranger shall build your walls ; and their kings shall serve you . For I struck you in My wrath , but I pitied you in My favor .

But when the Son of man comes in His glory , and all the holy angels with Him , then He will sit on the throne of His glory .
This is the law of the house : On the top of the mountain is all its border , all around , being most holy . Behold , this is the law of the house .
Yet a little while and the world no longer sees Me , but you see Me . Because I live , you also shall live .

And Aaron and his sons did all the things which Jehovah had commanded by the hand of Moses .

And so eagerly striving to preach the gospel where Christ was not named , so that I should not build on another's foundation ,
Therefore , I thought it necessary to exhort the brothers , that they go forward to you and arrange beforehand your promised blessing , this to be ready , thus as a blessing and not as greediness .
And Absalom said , Please call for Hushai the Archite also . And we shall hear what is in his mouth , also he .
answered them , saying , I baptize in water , but One stands in your midst whom you do not know ;
For this reason justice is far from us ; and righteousness does not overtake us . We wait for light , but , behold , dimness ; for brightness , but we walk in gloom .
Therefore , having this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do not faint .
And David said in his heart , I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul . Nothing is better for me than that I speedily escape to the land of the Philistines . And Saul will despair of me , to still seek me in all the border of Israel . And I shall escape out of his hand .
For if you forgive men their offenses , your heavenly Father will also forgive you .
And all nations shall serve him , and his son , and his son's son , until the time of his own land comes , and his time . And many nations and great kings shall enslave him .
And answering , He said to them , The one sowing the good seed is the Son of man .
But answering Peter and the apostles said , It is right to obey God rather than man .
Behold , He puts no trust in His holy ones ; yea , the heavens are not clean in His eyes .

with Onesimus the faithful and beloved brother , who is of you . They will make known to you all the things here .
My thoughts on Him shall be sweet ; I will be glad in Jehovah .
And these were born to him in Jerusalem : Shimea , and Shobab , and Nathan , and Solomon , four to Bathsheba the daughter of Ammiel ;
And it happened , when the king of Israel read the letter , he tore his garments and said , Am I God , to kill and to keep alive , that this one is sending to me to recover a man from his leprosy ? For consider now , and see for he is coiling himself toward me .
And Pharaoh turned and went into his house . And he did not set his heart to this also .
Once I have spoken , but I will not answer ; yea , twice , but I will go no further .
but to the called-out ones , both to Jews and to Greeks , Christ is the power of God and the wisdom of God ;
The hungry eat his harvest , and take him to the thorns , and the snare snuffs up their wealth .
But if we say , From men , all the people will stone us , having been convinced that John was a prophet .
For this reason I have said to the sons of Israel , No person among you shall eat blood ; and the alien who is staying in your midst shall not eat blood .
And in the fifteenth year of the government of Tiberius Caesar , Pontius Pilate governing Judea , and Herod ruling as tetrarch of Galilee , and his brother Philip ruling as tetrarch of Iturea and the Trachonitis country , and Lysanias ruling as tetrarch of Abilene ,
And Saul's servants spoke these words in David's ears . And David said , Is it a light thing in your eyes to be son-in-law to the king ? And I am a poor man , and lightly esteemed .
But the knowledge is not in all ; but some being aware of the idol eat as an idolatrous sacrifice until now ; and their conscience being weak is defiled .
And " the seventh from Adam , " Enoch , also prophesied to these men , saying , Behold , " the Lord came with " myriads " of His saints , "
Bread of deceit is sweet to a man , but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel .
And you shall pursue your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
And he shall speak for you to the people . And it shall be , he shall be a mouth for you , and you shall be a god for him .
and you did evil above all who have been before you , and went and made for yourself other gods and molten images to provoke Me to anger ; and you have cast Me behind your back
He who dies of Ahab in the city , the dogs shall eat . And the birds of the heaven shall eat him who dies in a field .
coming up behind she touched the border of His garment . And instantly the flow of her blood stopped .
All the men of your covenant have dismissed you to the border . The men who were at peace with you have deceived you and have prevailed over you . They are setting your bread as a snare under you ; there is no understanding in him .

The desire of a man is his kindness , and a poor man is better than a liar .
And they argued to themselves , saying , If we say , From Heaven , he will say , Why then did you not believe him ?
The land mourns and droops ; Lebanon is ashamed ; Sharon withers like a wilderness ; Bashan is shaken out ; also Carmel .
And he did the right in the eyes of Jehovah , but not like his father David ; he did according to all that his father Joash did ;
and a spirit of jealousy has passed over him , and he has become jealous of his wife , and she has been defiled . Or , a spirit of jealousy has passed over him , and he has become jealous of his wife , and she has not become defiled :
Command Aaron and his sons , saying , This is the law of the burnt offering ; it is the burnt offering because it is burned on the altar all the night until the morning , and the fire of the altar is kept burning on it .
defamed , we entreat . we have become as filth of the world , dirt wiped off by all until now .
He shall be buried with the burial of an ass , drawn beyond the gates of Jerusalem and thrown out .
The plot of foolishness is sin , and the scorner is hateful to men .
and those bowing to the host of the heavens on the housetops ; and those bowing , swearing to Jehovah , also swearing by Malcham ,
And Moses gave to the tribe of Gad , to the sons of Gad , for their families :
And all those going out of the gate of the city listened to Hamor , and to his son Shechem . And every male was circumcised , all those going out of the gate of the city .
And when a man causes a blemish in his neighbor , as he has done , so it shall be done to him ;
I will drive them out before you little by little , until you are fruitful and possess the land .
And it happened when David was in Edom , and Joab the commander of the army had gone up to bury the slain , after he had stricken every male in Edom ;
who may go out before them , and who may go in before them , and who may lead them out , and who may bring them in , so that the congregation of Jehovah may not be as sheep to whom there is no shepherd .
And these went out of the city , the young men of the rulers of the provinces , and the army which followed them .
But they shall each one sit under his vine and under his fig tree , and there shall be no trembling . For the mouth of Jehovah of hosts has spoken .
And who is the one harming you if you become imitators of the good ?

that being justified by His grace , we should become heirs according to the hope of eternal life .
And also Jehovah has spoken of Jezebel , saying , The dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel .
And God said , Your wife Sarah truly shall bear you a son , and you shall call his name Isaac . And I have established My covenant with him for a perpetual covenant with his seed after him .
Since the days of our fathers we have been in great guilt until this day . And for our iniquities we , our kings , our priests , have been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands , to the sword , to captivity , and to plunder , and to shame of faces to this day .
Who can discern errors ? Acquit me from secret faults ,
And when the fruit yields , immediately he " sends forth the sickle , for the harvest has come . "
And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters . But his brothers did not have many sons , nor did all their family multiply like the sons of Judah .


that they sent and called for him ; and they came , Jeroboam and all the assembly of Israel , and spoke to Rehoboam , saying ,
the sons of Besai , the sons of Meunim , the sons of Nephishesim ,
And being filled with pity , the lord of that slave released him and forgave him the loan .
And Saul said to his armor-bearer , Draw your sword and pierce me with it , that these uncircumcised ones not come and abuse me . And the armor-bearer was not willing , for he exceedingly feared . And Saul took the sword and fell on it .
Be praised above the heavens , O God ; let Your glory be over the whole earth .
Everyone rising up with an offering of silver and bronze , they brought the offering of Jehovah ; and everyone with whom was found acacia wood for any work of the service , they brought .
Jotham was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign , and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem ; and the name of his mother was Jerushah , the daughter of Zadok .
His sons are far from safety ; yea , they are crushed in the gate ; nor is there any deliverer .
in the eighteenth year of Nebu-chadnezzar , eight hundred thirty souls from Jerusalem ;
And he prepared a great banquet for them , and they ate and drank . And he sent them away , and they went to their master . And the companies of Syria did not come into the land of Israel any more .
Hear instruction , and be wise , and do not refuse it .
And he bowed and said , What is your servant , that you should look upon such a dead dog as I am ?
Now then , please speak to the men of Judah and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , saying , So says Jehovah , Behold , I am forming evil against you , and devising a plan against you . Now each one turn from his evil way , and make your ways and your doings good .
For so says Jehovah , Do not enter into the house of mourning . Do not go to weep or moan for them . For I have taken away My peace with loving-kindness and compassions from this people says Jehovah .

The eighteenth to Hanani , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
And , behold , the whole family has risen against your servant , and said , Give up him who struck his brother , and we shall kill him for the life of his brother whom he has slain . And we shall also destroy the heir . And they shall quench my coal which is left , so as not to set to my husband a name and remnant on the fact of the earth .
I am my Beloved's , and His desire is toward me .
And they sailed down to the country of the Gadarenes , which is across from Galilee .
And I made treasurers over the treasuries : Shelemiah the priest , and Zadok the scribe , and of the Levites , Pedaiah . And next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur , the son of Mattaniah . For they were counted faithful , and on them was the duty to distribute to their brothers .
let your fountains be blessed , and rejoice with the wife of your youth ;
And first I will twice repay their iniquity and their sin , because they have defiled My land with the bodies of their hateful things . Yea , their hateful idols have filled My inheritance .
And when a rush of the nations occurred , and both the Jews and their rulers came to insult and to stone them ,
In all places in which I have gone with all Israel's sons , have I spoken a word with one of the tribes of Israel , those I commanded to shepherd My people Israel , saying , Why have you not built for me a house of cedars ?
And I saw the beast and the kings of the earth , and their armies being assembled to make war with the One sitting on the horse , and with His army .
so I am caused to inherit months of vanity ; and weary nights are appointed to me .
Zechariah of Meshelemiah was gatekeeper at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
Anyone who touches the dead body , the body of a man who dies , and does not cleanse himself , he shall have defiled the tabernacle of Jehovah ; and that person shall be cut off from Israel , for the water of impurity shall not be sprinkled upon him . He shall be unclean ; his uncleanness shall be still on him .
Hate evil , and love good , and establish justice in the gate . It may be that Jehovah the God of hosts will be gracious to the remnant of Joseph .
Be strong , and let us be strong for our people , and for the cities of our God . And may Jehovah do that which seems good in His eyes .

Then falling down at his feet , his fellow slave begged him , saying , Have patience with me , and I will pay all to you .


" And they shall no more teach each one his neighbor , and each one his brother , saying , Know the Lord ; because all shall know Me , from the least of them to their great ones .
but afterwards , she is bitter as wormwood , sharp as a sword of mouths ;
And you , you intended evil against me , but God meant it for good , in order to make it as it is this day , to keep a great many people alive .
And they shall say , Because they have forsaken Jehovah , the God of their fathers , who brought them out from the land of Egypt , and have laid hold on other gods and have bowed themselves to them , and served them ; for this He has brought on them all this evil .
For this city has been to Me a cause of My anger and My wrath from the day that they built it even to this day , that I should remove it from My face ;
And Jehovah said to Moses , Send out your hand and take it by the tail . And he sent out his hand and caught it , and it became a staff in his hand ;
His work is honorable and glorious ; and His righteousness is standing forever .
So that I may declare all Your praises in the gates of the daughter of Zion ; I will rejoice in Your salvation .

Then the heavens and the earth , and all that is in them , shall shout for Babylon . For the plunderers shall come to her from the north , says Jehovah .
Take Aaron , and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bullock of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened things ,
The men of Bethlehem and Netophah were a hundred and eighty eight .
These are the commandments and the judgments which Jehovah commanded by the hand of Moses to the sons of Israel in the plains of Moab , beside the Jordan , near Jericho .
And He pulled down seven nations in Canaan land , and gave their land to them as an inheritance .
For our soul bows down to the dust ; our belly holds fast to the earth .
and put the breast pocket on him , and put the Urim and the Thummim into the breast pocket ,
And the sons of Benjamin gathered themselves after Abner , and became one troop , and stood on the top of a certain hill .
The sluggard's soul is craving , but is not getting , but the soul of the hard workers shall be made fat .
Do not envy evil men , nor desire to be with them .
And Micah consecrated the hand of the Levite and the young man was a priest to him ; and he was in Micah's house .
And the lot of the sons of Joseph went out from the Jordan at Jericho , to the waters of Jericho eastward , to the wilderness which went from Jericho to the hills of Bethel .
They feared Jehovah , and served their own gods , according to the custom of the nations from where they exiled them .
And the Syrians of Damascus came to give help to Hadadezer the king of Zobah . And David struck twenty two thousand men of Syria .
And you have counted the houses of Jerusalem ; and you broke down the houses to fortify the wall .
And all the leaders said to all the congregation , We have sworn to them by Jehovah the God of Israel ; and now we cannot touch them .
saying to a tree , You are my father ; and to a stone , You gave us birth . For they turned their back to Me , and not the face . But in the time of their evil , they will say , Arise , and save us !
And Saul said , They have brought them from Amalek , because the people had pity on the best of the flock , and of the herd , in order to sacrifice to Jehovah your God . And the rest we have exterminated .
And if she is cleansed of her discharge , then she shall number to herself seven days , and after that she shall be clean .

And if his offering is a goat , then he shall bring it near before the face of Jehovah .
And the righteous shall see and fear ; yea , they will laugh over him , saying ,
And also Manasseh has shed very much innocent blood , till he has filled Jerusalem from mouth to mouth ; apart from his sin that he caused Judah to sin , to do evil in the eyes of Jehovah .

I said in the pause of my days , I shall go to the gates of Sheol ; I am deprived of the rest of my years .
You shall not respect persons in judgment ; you shall hear the small as well as the great ; you shall not be afraid because of the face of a man , for the judgment is God's ; and the thing too hard for you , you shall bring near to me , and I shall hear it .
And the man , the Levite , husband of the woman who had been murdered , answered and said , I came into Gibeah which is to Benjamin , I and my concubine , to spend the night .
and by some that Elijah had appeared . And others said , A prophet of the ancients rose again .
And the content of the Scripture which he was reading was this : " He was led as a sheep to slaughter , and as a lamb voiceless before the one shearing it , so He does not open His mouth .
Jesus saw Nathanael coming toward Him and said concerning him , Behold , truly an Israelite in whom is no guile !
And as to every garment , and all that is made of skin , and all work of goats' hair , and all things made of wood , you shall purify them .
The merchants of Sheba and Raamah were your merchants ; with the chief of all the spices , and with every precious stone and gold , they gave for your wares .

And You gave signs and wonders on Pharaoh , and on all his servants , and on all the people of the land . For You knew that they were seething against them . And You made a name for Yourself , as it is this day .
She put her hand to the tent peg , and her right hand to the workmen's hammer ; and she hammered Sisera ; she smashed his head ; she struck through and pierced his temple .
The name of Jehovah is a tower of strength , the righteous runs into it and is set on high .
Behold My Servant ; I will uphold Him ; My Elect in whom My soul delights ! I have put My Spirit on Him ; He shall bring forth justice to the nations .
And He violated his booth like a garden and destroyed his meeting-places . Jehovah made meeting-places and sabbaths forgotten in Zion , and He rejected king and priest in the fury of His anger .
Who can stand before His fury ? And who can rise against the heat of His anger ? His wrath is poured out like fire , and the rocks are broken down because of Him .

As a man going away , leaving his house , and giving his slaves authority , and to each his work ( and he commanded the doorkeeper , that he watch ) ,
And the sons of Benjamin came out from Gibeah . And on that day they destroyed twenty two thousand to the earth in Israel .
and announce customs which it is not lawful for us to receive , nor to do , being Romans .
On the first day of the month , on the first of the month , you shall raise up the tent of the tabernacle of the congregation .
So Jehovah says this , Behold ! I am giving stumbling-blocks to this people , and the fathers and the sons together shall stumble on them ; a neighbor and his friend shall perish .
Jehovah works righteousness and judgments for all the oppressed .

O Israel , do not rejoice for joy , like the peoples . For you have gone lusting away from your God . You have loved a reward on all threshing-floors of grain .
And the rest of the tribes : From the east side to the west side , Benjamin , one part .
Out of the tribe of Zebulun , twelve thousand having been sealed . Out of the tribe of Joseph , twelve thousand having been sealed . Out of the tribe of Benjamin , twelve thousand having been sealed .
For he will turn your son away from following Me , that they may serve other gods ; and the anger of Jehovah will glow against you , and He will destroy you quickly .
And Moses said , We will go with our young and with our old , with our sons and with our daughters . We will go with our flocks and with our herds . For it is a feast of Jehovah to us .
And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years .
I also taught Ephraim to go ; He took them on His arms . But they did not know that I healed them .
Swallow up , O Lord ; divide their tongue ; for I see violence and strife in the city .
And seeing , they publicly told about the word spoken to them about this Child .
Then what is it , brothers ? When you come together , each one of you has a psalm , he has a teaching , he has a language , he has a revelation , he has an interpretation . Let all things be for building up .
then You shall hear from Heaven , Your dwelling place , and shall forgive , and shall give to each according to all his ways , because You know his heart ; for You , You only , have known the heart of the sons of men ;
And it happened , when a man drew near to bow himself to him , he put out his hand and laid hold on him , and gave him a kiss .
But I have said to you , You shall surely possess their land ; and , I , I am giving it to you to possess it , a land flowing with milk and honey ; I am Jehovah your God , who has set you apart from the nations .
And the king made the silver and the gold in Jerusalem as stones , and he made the cedars as sycamores that are in the low country for abundance .
And he said to David , You are more righteous than I . For you have done good to me , and I have rewarded you with evil .
And with all my power I have prepared for the house of my God , the gold for things of gold , and the silver for silver , and the bronze for bronze , the iron for iron things , and the wood for wood , onyx stones , and settings , and also stones of antimony and of different colors , and every precious stone , and stones of alabaster , in abundance .


And called for them ; and he spoke to them , saying , Why have you deceived us , saying , We are very far from you , yet you are living in our midst ?
So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , to you , O Baruch :
And the men of the city said to Elisha , Behold , now , the site of the city is good , as my lord sees , but the waters are bad ; and the ground causes barrenness .
And the uncle of Saul said , Please tell me what Samuel said to you .
But Peter lifted him up , saying , Stand up ! I myself am also a man .
So says Jehovah , Stand in the court of the house of Jehovah and speak to all the cities of Judah which come to worship in the house of Jehovah , all the words that I command you to speak to them . Do not keep back a word .
so that now to the rulers and to the authorities in the heavenlies might be made known through the church the manifold wisdom of God ,
He will not strive nor cry out , nor will anyone hear His voice in the streets .
But I know Him , because I am from Him ; and He sent Me .
And you warn them as to the statutes and the laws , and make known to them the way in which they should walk , and the work which they should do .
And the man rose up to go ; and his father-in-law pressed him , and he turned back and stayed there .
And he brought out the people in it , and put them to the saw , and to sharp tools of iron , and to axes of iron . And he caused them to go over into the brick kiln . And so he did to all the cities of the sons of Ammon . And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem .
And there was war again . And David went out and fought against the Philistines , and struck among them with a great slaughter . And they fled from his face .
but mixed with the nations , and learned their works .
Even a child is known by his acts , whether his work is pure , or upright .
And not as " Moses , who put a veil over his face , " for the sons of Israel not to gaze at the end of the thing being done away .
And he joined the five curtains separately , and the six curtains separately .
And David gathered all the people and went to Rabbah , and fought against it , and took it .
Let all the earth fear Jehovah ; let all dwellers in the world stand in awe of Him .
But this kind does not go out except by prayer and fasting .
Elkanah , and Jesaiah , and Azarael , and Joezer , and Jashobeam the Korhites ;
joining each one to the other by their wings . They did not turn in their going , each one went toward the front of their face .
And they came in and called to the gatekeeper of the city , and spoke for themselves , saying , We have come to the camp of Syria . And , behold , there is not a man there , nor voice of man , but horses tied , and asses tied , and the tents as they were .
and I have blessed her and have also given to you a son from her . Yea , I have blessed her and she shall become nations ; kings of people shall be from her .
O turn to me and be gracious to me ; give Your strength to Your servant , and save the son of Your handmaid .
Then I will go to the altar of God , to God , the joy of my delight , and I will thank with the lyre , O God , my God .
the sons of Bakbuk , the sons of Hakupha , the sons of Harhur ,
The strong of the mighty shall speak to him from the midst of Sheol , they went with his helpers ; they , the uncircumcised , lie slain by the sword .
Fill their faces with shame and they will seek Your name , O Jehovah .
And he said , Behold , the day is still high ; it is not time to gather the livestock . Water the sheep and go feed them .
The land of Tappuah belonged to Manasseh , but Tappuah on the border of Manasseh belonged to the sons of Ephraim .
And these were the heads of the house of their fathers , even Epher , and Ishi , and Eliel , and Azriel , and Jeremiah , and Hodaviah , and Jahdiel , mighty men of war , famous men , heads of their fathers' house .

And all the wise men came , those doing every kind of work for the sanctuary , each one from his work they were doing .
And he said to his father , My head ! My head ! And he said to the young man , Carry him to his mother .

and put fire in them , and put incense on them before Jehovah tomorrow ; and it shall be , the man whom Jehovah chooses , he shall be the holy one . You take too much , sons of Levi !
to the place of the altar which he had made there at the first . And Abram called on the name of Jehovah there .
And he said to me , Behold ! Stop ! For I am your fellow-slave , and of your brothers the prophets , and of the ones keeping the words of this Book . Do worship to God .
Adonijah , Bigvai , Adin ,
But they having resisted , and blaspheming , having shaken his garments , he said to them , Your blood be on your head . I am pure from it ; from now on I will go to the nations .
the son of Jacob , the son of Isaac , the son of Abraham , the son of Terah , the son of Nahor ,
And I will delight myself in Your commandments , which I have loved .
And these are the names of the tribes : From the north end , at the hand of the way of Hethlon , to the entrance of Hamath , Hazarenan , the border of Damascus northward , at the hand of Hamath ; and there shall be to it an east side and a west : To Dan , one part .
And he said to me , Do not fear , Daniel . For from the first day that you set your heart to understand and to humble yourself before your God , your words were heard . And I have come because of your words .
Then Jehovah put out His hand and touched my mouth . And Jehovah said to me , Behold , I have put My words in your mouth .
And he went in to his father and said , My father . And he said , Behold me . Who are you , my son ?
the birds of the heavens , and the fish of the sea , all that pass through the sea .
And he took up his parable and said , The saying of Balaam the son of Beor , and the saying of the man whose eyes are opened ;
The precious sons of Zion are weighed against pure gold . How they are counted as earthen vessels , the work of a potter's hand !
But now so says Jehovah who formed you , O Jacob ; and He who made you , O Israel : Fear not , for I have redeemed you ; I called you by your name ; you are Mine .
The anger of Jehovah shall not turn back until He has executed , and until He has set up the purposes of His heart . In latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
And of Asriel , the family of the Asrielites ; and of Shechem , the family of the Shechemites ;
And the whole city was gathered at the door .
For you yourselves know how it is right to act like us , because we were not disorderly among you ;
Kirjath-baal , which is Kirjath-jearim , and Rabbah ; two cities and their villages .
And the drinking was according to the law , no one compelling ; for so the king had ordered every first one of his house that they should do according to every man's pleasure .
Make your selves strong and become men , O Philistines , lest you become slaves to the Hebrews , as they were slaves to you . Then you must be men and fight .
Shake yourself from the dust ; rise up ! Sit , Jerusalem ; free yourself from your neck bands , O captive daughter of Zion .

And finding it , she calls together the friends and neighbors , saying , Rejoice with me , for I have found the drachma which I lost .
And the prophecy of Isaiah is fulfilled on them , which says , " In hearing you will hear and in no way understand , and seeing you will see yet in no way perceive .
And all Israel who were around them fled at their cry ; for they said , Lest the earth swallow us up .
discreet , chaste , keepers at home , good , subject to their own husbands , so that the word of God may not be blasphemed ,
And he ruled over all the kings from the River even to the land of the Philistines , and to the border of Egypt .
And answering , He said to them , Because it has been given to you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of Heaven , but it has not been given to those .
For a thousand years in Your eyes are as yesterday when it passes , and as a watch in the night .
Truly I know it is so ; but how can man be just with God ?
And Solomon numbered seventy thousand men , bearers of burden , and eighty thousand men hewing in the mountains ; and overseers over them three thousand , six hundred .
" Behold My Child whom I chose , My Beloved , in whom My soul has delighted ! I will put My Spirit on Him , and He will declare judgment to the nations .
And you shall keep all the commandments which I am commanding you today , so that you shall be strong , and shall go in and possess the land to which you are crossing over , to possess it ;
And answering the eunuch said to Philip , I ask you , about whom does the prophet say this ? About himself , or about some other one ?
You are all beautiful , My love . There is no blemish on you .
And , behold , the veil of the Holy Place was torn into two from top to bottom . And the earth quaked , and the rocks were sheared !
Have I today begun to ask of God for him ? Far be it from me ! Do not let the king lay anything against his servant , against any of my father's house , for your servant has known nothing of this , more or less .
And his father had not troubled him all his days , saying , Why have you done so ? And he also was very good of form , and one had borne him after Absalom .
And the strong colored ones went forth and sought to go , to walk to and fro in the earth . And he said , Go ! Walk to and fro in the earth . So they walked to and fro in the earth .
And in the fourth year of king Darius , the word of Jehovah was to Zechariah , in the fourth of the ninth month , in Chislev .
And they shall fasten the breast pocket from its rings to the rings of the ephod with a blue ribbon , to be above the band ; and the breast pocket may not move itself from the ephod .
And Bakbukiah and Unni , their brothers , were next to them in the watches .
A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of the mouth , and the dealing of man's hands shall be given back to him .
And king Arad the Canaanite , who lived in the south , heard that Israel had come the Way of Spies ; and he fought against Israel , and took some of them captive .
And the workers in fine flax , and the weavers of white cloth are ashamed .
Truly , I would seek to God , and to God I would put my plea ,
giving back his gain , and he will not eat . As to the wealth of his trading , even he shall not enjoy it .
for we yet being without strength , in due time Christ died for ungodly ones .
And when a man sanctifies his house as a holy thing to Jehovah , then the priest shall value it , whether good or bad . As the priest values it , so it shall stand .
Behold , the day of Jehovah comes , cruel and with wrath and fierce anger , to lay the land waste . And He shall destroy its sinners out of it .

and the Horites in the hills of Seir , as far as the oak of Paran , which is by the wilderness .
Do not think that I came to annul the Law or the Prophets ; I did not come to annul , but to fulfill .
And Moses said to Aaron and to his sons , Boil the flesh at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and you shall eat it there , and the bread in the basket of the consecrations , as I have commanded , saying , Aaron and his sons shall eat it .
The way of an eagle in the heavens , the way of a snake on a rock , the way of a ship in the heart of the sea , and the way of a man with a virgin .
And the building that was before the separate area at the end of the way of the west was seventy cubits wide . And the wall of the building was five cubits wide all around ; and its length , ninety cubits .
You shall not pollute your daughter , to cause her to be a prostitute , that the land may not go whoring , and the land become full of wickedness .
And on the fifteenth day of the seventh month , you shall have a holy gathering ; you shall do no work of service ; and you shall celebrate a feast to Jehovah seven days .
know today , and lay it to your heart , that Jehovah , He is God in the heavens above and on the earth beneath ; there is no other .
They speak vanity , each man with his neighbor ; with flattering lips and a double heart they speak .

And he said , If Jehovah does not save you , from where shall I save you ? Out of the threshing floor , or out of the winevat ?
And he will take your fields , and your vineyards , and your olive-yards , the best ; and give them to his servants .
And He called the Twelve near and began to send them out two by two . And He gave them authority over the unclean spirits ,
And Samson went to Gaza , and saw a woman there , a harlot , and went in to her .

And David and his men went up and attacked the Geshurites , and the Gezrites , and the Amalekites . For they were the inhabitants of the land from the past days , as you come into Shur and into the land of Egypt .
And its gates may not at all be shut by day , for no night will be there .
And their camels shall be a prize , and the multitude of their cattle a prey . And I will scatter them to all winds , those who cut the corners . And I will bring their calamity from all sides of it , says Jehovah .

In the twenty seventh year of Jeroboam the king of Israel Azariah the son of Amaziah the king of Judah began to reign .
And He ordered them that they should tell no one . But as much as He ordered them , much more abundantly they proclaimed .
But when God was pleased , " He having separated me from my mother's womb " and having called through His grace ,
My son , fear Jehovah and the king ; do not meddle with those who change ,
Yet they tested and provoked the Most High God ; and they did not keep His testimonies ;
Until when will you break in against a man ? You will shatter him , all of you , like a bowing wall , a tottering fence .
And I will make you very fruitful , exceedingly . And I will give you for nations . And kings shall come out of you .
I fast twice in the week ; I tithe all things , as many as I get .
For he powerfully confuted the Jews publicly , proving through the Scriptures Jesus to be the Christ .
Are tasteless things eaten without salt ? Or is there taste in the slime of an egg ?
And the priest shall wave them , besides the bread of the firstfruits , a wave offering before Jehovah , besides the two lambs ; they are holy to Jehovah for the priest .
if I give sleep to my eyes , slumber to my eyelids ,
These are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall take heed to do in the land which Jehovah the God of your fathers has given to you , to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth :
Having raised up His child Jesus , God sent Him first to you , blessing you in turning away each one from your iniquities .
And Zebah and Zalmunna said , You rise up and fall on us , for as the man , so is his might . And Gideon rose up and killed Zebah and Zalmunna , and took the moon crescents which were on the necks of their camels .
But hearing , the Pharisees said , This one does not cast out demons except by Beelzebub , ruler of the demons .
And Jehovah gave to Israel all the land which He swore to give to their fathers . And they possessed it , and lived in it .
What does it seem to you ? And answering , they said , He is liable to death .
And you raise your staff , and stretch out your hand over the sea , and divide it so that the sons of Israel may go in the midst of the sea on dry ground .
Put a horn to your mouth . He comes like an eagle against the house of Jehovah , because they have broken My covenant and have sinned against My law .

The beast which you saw was , and is not , and is about to come up out of the abyss , and goes to perdition . And those dwelling on the earth will marvel , the ones whose names have not been written on the Book of Life from the foundation of the world , seeing the beast , that it was a thing , and is not , yet now is .
All these were the tribes of Israel , two and ten . And this is what their father spoke to them . And he blessed them , each one with what was according to his blessing , he blessed them .
Jehovah shall strike you with madness , and with blindness , and with astonishment of heart .
Beware that there is no evil thought in your heart , saying , The seventh year , the year of release draws near ; and your eye be evil against your needy brother , and you give him nothing , and he cry to Jehovah against you and it be sin to you .
And the sons of Lotan : Hori and Homam . And Timna was Lotan's sister .

Where is the king of Hamath , and the king of Arpad , and the king of the city of Sepharvaim , of Hena , and Ivah ?
And one went out from me . And I said , Indeed , he surely is torn in pieces ; and I have not seen him until now .
his body shall not remain all night on the tree ; but you shall surely bury him the same day . For he that is hanged is a reproach to God . And you shall not defile your land which Jehovah your God is giving to you as an inheritance .
And the three companies blew with their ram's horns , and broke the jars , and held the torches in their left hand ; and in their right hand the ram's horns , and they cried out , A sword for Jehovah and for Gideon !
And at the east side four thousand five hundred , and three gates : even the gate of Joseph , one ; the gate of Benjamin , one ; the gate of Dan , one .
Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of Jehovah , which Nebuchadnezzar had brought out of Jerusalem and had put them in the house of his gods .
And he built the walls of the house inside with beams of cedar , from the floor of the house to the walls of the ceiling . He overlaid the inside with wood , and covered the floor of the house with boards of fir .
And behold , I , even I , am bringing a flood of waters on the earth in order to destroy all flesh in which is the breath of life from under the heavens . Everything which is on the earth shall die .
How much more if the people had eaten well today of this spoil of its enemies which it has found . For now would not the blow among the Philistines have not been great .
As he clothed himself with cursing , as with a robe , even it came into his bowels like water , and like oil into his bones .
And Jehovah God said , Behold ! The man has become as one of Us , to know good and evil . And now , lest he put forth his hand and also take from the Tree of Life , and eat , and live forever ,
But flee youthful lusts and pursue righteousness , faith , love , peace , with the ones calling on the Lord out of a pure heart .
This is the inheritance of the sons of Gad , for their families , the cities and their villages .
The copy of the letter which Tatnai , governor of the province Beyond the River , and Shethar-boznai , and his associates the officials who were Beyond the River , sent to Darius the king :
Blessed is the nation whose God is Jehovah , the people He has chosen for His inheritance .
For each one takes his own supper first in the eating ; and one is hungry , and another drunken .

And it happened , all the people were quarreling through all the tribes of Israel , saying , The king delivered us out of the hand of our enemies . Yea , he himself delivered us out of the hand of the Philistines . And now he has fled out of the land because of Absalom .
And Jephthah said to them , I have been a man of war , my people and I , having great strife with the sons of Ammon . And I called you , and you did not save me out of their hands .
For will You do wonders to the dead ? Or shall the departed spirits rise and thank You ? Selah .
And we said to him , We are honest ; we are not spies .
And do not let the son of the foreigner speak , he who joins himself to Jehovah , saying , Jehovah surely separates me from His people ; and not do let the eunuch say , Behold , I am a dried tree .

And you shall make a grating for it , a network of bronze . And you shall make four rings of bronze on the four ends of the net .


Then the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Of Hebron : Jerijah the head of the Hebronites , for his generations to his fathers . In the fortieth year of David's reign , they were sought , and were found among them mighty warriors at Jazer of Gilead .
Woe , woe to you , says the Lord Jehovah ! For it happened , after all your evil ,
And Saul came to a city of Amalek , and lay in wait in a torrent-bed .
Sanctify them in Your truth ; Your Word is truth .
Since many boast according to the flesh , I also will boast .
And it happened at the end of seven years that the woman returned from the land of the Philistines , and went to cry to the king for her house , and for her field .
My heart throbs ; my power forsakes me ! And the light of my eyes , they also are not with me .
causing to cease wars to the end of the earth ; He breaks the bow and cuts apart spears ; He burns the chariots in the fire .
A word rightly spoken is like apples of gold in settings of silver .
And Ram fathered Amminadab ; and Amminadab fathered Nahshon , chief of the sons of Judah .
And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened , and he did not listen to them , as Jehovah had said .
And they rose up in the twilight to go to the Syrian camp . And they came to the edge of the Syrian camp . And , behold , there was not a man there !
I have seen slaves on horses , and rulers walking as slaves on the earth .

And he killed the burnt offering . And Aaron's sons presented the blood to him and he sprinkled it on the altar all around ;
and the human beings sixteen thousand ; and their tribute to Jehovah , thirty two persons .

But let not this one thing be hidden from you , beloved , that one day with the Lord is " as a thousand years , and a thousand years as one day . "
And I have been with you wherever you went , and have cut off all your enemies from before you and have made you a great name , like the name of the great men who are on the earth .
You said , I am pure , without transgression ; I am clean and no iniquity is in me ;


who say , Keep to yourself ! Do not come near me , for I am holier than you ! These are a smoke in My nose , a fire burning all the day .
And Judas Iscariot , one of the Twelve , went away to the chief priests , that he might betray Him to them .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah his God ; he was not humbled before Jeremiah the prophet , from the mouth of Jehovah .
Where shall I get flesh to give to all this people ? For they weep to me , saying , Give to us flesh that we may eat .
And Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart . And she sent and called for the Philistine rulers , saying , Come , for this time he has told me all his heart . And the Philistine rulers came up to her , and brought the silver in their hand .
For now You number my steps ; do You not watch over my sin ?
In his eyes , the reprobate has been despised , but he honors those who fear Jehovah : He has sworn to his hurt , and will not change it .
The king's favor is toward a servant who acts prudently , but his wrath takes place on one causing shame .

And when it was being built , the house was built of finished stone made ready beforehand . And there was not heard in the house a hammer or an axe , or any iron tool , while it was being built .
And Isaiah said , Take a cake of figs ; and they took and laid it on the boil ; and he recovered .
they were greatly afraid because Gibeon was a great city , like one of the royal cities , and because it was greater than Ai , and all its men were mighty .
And in this we shall know that we are of the truth , and shall persuade our hearts before Him ,
And you shall put it in front of the veil which is beside the ark of the testimony ; in front of the mercyseat which is over the testimony , there where I meet you .
Then Jesus said to him , Unless you see signs and wonders , you will not at all believe .
And I will bring the most evil of the nations , and they shall possess their houses . And I will make cease the pomp of the strong ones , and their holy places shall be defiled .
But I want you to know that Christ is the Head of every man , and the man is the head of a woman , and God is the head of Christ .
Trust in Him at every time , you people ; pour out your heart before Him ; God is a refuge for us . Selah .

But I command the ones being married ( not I , but the Lord ) , a woman not to be separated from her husband ;
Who had been stripped from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been led away with Jeconiah king of Judah , whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had exiled .
I solemnly witness before God and the Lord Jesus Christ and the elect angels , that you should guard these things without prejudice , doing nothing by way of partiality .
and their food offering , flour mixed with oil , three tenths parts for the bullock two tenths parts for the one ram ;
The case is not such . For a man of the hills of Ephraim , Sheba the son of Bichri is his name , has lifted up his hand against the king , against David . If you will give him up by himself , then I will go away from the city . And the woman said to Joab , Behold , his head will be thrown over the wall to you .
And Lot , who went with Abram , also had flocks and herds and tents .
Watch that you do not refuse the One speaking ; for if these did not escape who refused Him who divinely warned them on earth , much rather we , those turning away from Heaven ;
The people of the land of Tema bring water to him who is thirsty ; they went to meet the fugitive with his bread .
And their words pleased Hamor and the son of Hamor , Shechem .
if iniquity is in your hand , put it far away and do not let wickedness dwell in your tents ;
But I will give them to be keepers of the charge of the house for all its service , and for all that shall be done in it .
And his army , and those numbered of it were forty six thousand and five hundred .

And he said to Gehazi , Gird up your loins and take my staff in your hand , and go . When you meet a man , you shall not greet him . And when a man shall greet you , you shall not answer him . And you shall lay my staff on the face of the boy .
The sacrifice of the wicked is hateful , how much more when he brings it with an evil intent !
while not yet the sun , or the light , or the moon , or the stars , are darkened , or the clouds return after rain ;
And the glory of Jehovah came into the house , the way of the gate facing eastward .
in your distress , when all these things have found you , in the latter days , then you shall return to Jehovah your God , and shall listen to His voice .
Who is this rising up like the Nile , whose waters surge about like the rivers ?
Then Jehovah said to me , Though Moses and Samuel stood before Me , My soul could not be toward this people . Send them out from before My face ; yea , let them go out .
Who gave Jacob to the plunderer , and Israel to the robbers ? Did not Jehovah , He against whom we have sinned ? For they willed not to walk in His ways , and they did not obey His law .
I pray , Listen , and I will speak ; I will ask You , and You will make me know .

Now gird up your loins like a man , for I will question you ; and you teach Me .
And those who encamp on the east side , toward the sunrising , are of the standard of Judah's camp , according to their armies , the ruler of the sons of Judah being Nahshon the son of Amminadab .
And now , little children , abide in Him , that when He is revealed we may have confidence , and not be shamed from Him in His coming .
And Zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed into the court of the guardhouse , and that they should give him a piece of bread out of the baker's street daily , until all the bread of the city was gone . And remained in the court of the guardhouse .
He led them through the deeps ; like the horse in the wilderness , they did not stumble .
And the sons of Izhar : Korah , and Nepheg , and Zichri .
I have been sought , not by those who asked . I have been found , not by those who sought Me . To a nation not calling on My name , I said , Behold Me ! Behold Me !
saying , This man began to build , and did not have strength to finish .
They looked , and there was none to save ; to Jehovah , and He did not answer them .
And he wears out like a rotten thing , like a garment which a moth eats .

And afterward struck them , and put them to death , and hung them on five trees . And they were hanging on the trees until the evening .
Then he goes and takes seven other spirits more wicked than himself , and entering he dwells there . And the last things of that man become worse than the first .
For My people have committed two evils : they have forsaken Me , the Fountain of living waters , to hew out cisterns for themselves , broken cisterns that can hold no water .
You have enlarged my steps under me , and my feet have not slipped .
and Zerubbabel fathered Abiud , and Abiud fathered Eliakim , and Eliakim fathered Azor ,
And the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite , Rechab and Baanah , went and came at the heat of the day to the house of Ishbosheth . And he was lying on his bed at noon .

The integrity of the upright guides them , but the perversity of traitors will devastate them .
Behold , we put bits in the mouths of the horses , for them to obey us ; and we turn about their whole body .

For we all must appear before the judgment seat of Christ , so that each one may receive the things done through the body , according to what he did , whether good or bad .
And Moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle , and all in it , and sanctified them ;
How could one chase a thousand , and two put a myriad to flight , if it were not their Rock that sold them , and Jehovah had shut them up ?
And Saul threw the spear at him , to strike him . And Jonathan knew that it had been determined by his father to kill David .
And we exhort you , brothers to warn the disobedient ones , comfort those that are fainthearted , sustain the weak , be long-suffering towards all .

They sacrificed to demons who were not God , to gods whom they did not know , new ones who came lately . Your fathers had not dreaded them .
let the enemy pursue and overtake my soul ; yea , trample down my life to earth , and lay my honor in the dust . Selah .
Beloved , you do faithfully whatever you work for the brothers and for the strangers ,
And they built the high places of Baal in the valley of the son of Hinnom , to cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire to Molech , which I did not command them , nor did it come into My heart , that they should do this detestable thing , to cause Judah to sin .

And the Spirit of Jehovah was on Jephthah . And he passed through Gilead and Manasseh , and passed through Mizpeh of Gilead , and from Mizpeh of Gilead he passed on to the sons of Ammon .
Come now , those saying , Today or tomorrow we will go into this city , and we will spend one year there , and we will trade and will make a profit ,
nor did I go up to Jerusalem to the apostles before me , but I went away into Arabia and returned again to Damascus .
But our presentable members have no need . But God tempered the body together , giving more abundant honor to the member having need ,
Because the king's word is that which has power ; who then will say to him , What are you doing ?
I have not sent the prophets , yet they ran ; I have not spoken to them , yet they prophesied .
I became to the weak as weak , that I might gain the weak . To all I have become all things , that in any and every way I might save some .
They turn the needy out of the way ; the poor of the earth have hidden together .
O Israel , you have sinned from the days of Gibeah . There they stood . The battle against the sons of iniquity did not overtake them in Gibeah .
He flies off like a dream , and is not found ; and is driven away like a night vision .
And whatever we ask , we receive from Him , because we keep His commandments , and we do the things pleasing before Him .

They grope in the dark , and there is no light ; and He makes them stagger like a drunkard .
And they took the bullock that was given to them , and prepared , and called on the name of Baal from the morning even until noon , saying , O Baal , answer us ! And there was no sound , and no one was answering ; and they leaped about the altar that one had made .
she treats her young roughly , as if not hers ; for her labor is vanity without fear ;
And I will make Jerusalem ruins , a den of jackals ; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without inhabitant .
and caused their sons and daughters to pass through the fire and divined , and used incantations , and sold themselves to do the evil in the eyes of Jehovah , to provoke Him ,
I was a mockery to all my people , their song all the day .

And if the burnt offering is a burnt offering out of the fowls to Jehovah , then he shall bring near his offering , of turtledoves or of the offspring of the dove .
And going out from the house in that day , Jesus sat down by the sea .
And they said to him , No , my lord , but your servants have come to buy food .
If your sons will keep My covenant and My testimonies which I will teach them , their sons shall also sit on your throne till forever .
Go to Pharaoh in the morning . Behold , he is about to go out to the water . And you stand to meet him on the lip of the river . And you shall take in your hand the staff that was turned into a snake .
all gods of the peoples are nothings ; yea , Jehovah has made the heavens .
And Saul struck Amalek from Havilah , as you go to Shur , which is before Egypt .
Whom shall He teach knowledge ? And to whom shall He explain the message ? Those weaned from milk , those moving from breasts ?
Behold , the heavens and the heavens of the heavens , the earth and all in it , belong to Jehovah your God .
And there was trembling in the camp in the field , and among all the people ; the fort and the spoilers trembled , even them . And the ground quaked , and it was for a trembling of God .


And said to Zedekiah , If I declare it to you , will you not surely put me to death ? And if I counsel you , you will not listen to me .
And Jehovah said to Moses in Midian , Go ! Return to Egypt . For all the men are dead , those seeking your life .
In those days Jehovah began to cut off in Israel , and Hazael struck them in all the border of Israel ,
And it happened when Gideon heard the telling of the dream , and its interpretation , he worshiped . And he returned to the army of Israel and said , Rise up , for Jehovah has given the army of Midian into your hand .
But not all obeyed the gospel , for Isaiah says , " Lord , who has believed our report ? "
He shall be your praise , and He shall be your God , who has done for you these great and fearful things which your eyes have seen .

And they were in the highway , going up to Jerusalem . And Jesus was going before them , and following they were astonished and were afraid . And taking the Twelve again , He began to tell them the things about to happen to Him :
Because of this , therefore , the Jews lusted the more to kill Him , for not only did He break the sabbath , but also called God His own Father , making Himself equal to God .
And going out , according to His custom , He went to the Mount of Olives ; and His disciples also followed Him .
For with stammering lip and another tongue , He will speak to this people ;
Jehovah will watch over him and keep him alive ; he shall be blessed on the earth , and You will not deliver him to the soul of his enemies .
And Jehovah sent an angel , and cut off every mighty one of valor , both the leader and the ruler , in the camp of the king of Assyria ; and he returned with shame of face to his land . And he entered the house of his god , and those from his bowels caused him to fall there by the sword .
and Jehovah said to my father David , Because it has been in your heart to build a house for My name , you have done well that it has been in your heart ;
And he who lives in this coast shall say in that day , Behold , this has become of our hope to which we fled for help there , to be delivered from before the king of Assyria ; and , How shall we escape ?
And Pharaoh called Joseph by the name of Zaphnath-paaneah . And He gave him Asenath the daughter of Potipherah , priest of On , for a wife . And Joseph went out over the land of Egypt .
Surely I have set myself and have quieted my soul , like one weaned by its mother ; my soul on me is like one weaned .
On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur , the ruler of the sons of Reuben offered .
Also , the high places of Aven , the sin of Israel , shall be destroyed . The thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars . And they shall say to the mountains , Cover us ! and to the hills , Fall on us !
Because of this I will divide to Him with the great , and with the strong He shall divide the spoil ; because He poured out His soul to death ; and He was counted with transgressors ; and He bore the sin of many , and made intercession for transgressors .
And you , O My servant Jacob , do not fear , says Jehovah . Do not be terrified , O Israel . For , lo , I will save you from afar , and your seed from the land of their captivity . And Jacob shall return , and have quiet , and be untroubled , and no one will make him afraid .
Do not by your food undo the work of God . Truly , all things are clean , but it is bad to the man who eats through a stumbling-block .

Do not eat the bread of one having an evil eye , and do not desire his delicacies ,
Take for yourself another roll , and write on it all the former words that were in the first roll , which Jehoiakim the king of Judah has burned .
Jehovah , You will ordain peace for us ; for also You have worked all our works for us .
And Paul having reasoned concerning righteousness and self control , and the Judgment that is about to be , becoming afraid , Felix answered , For the present , go ; but taking time later , I will call for you ;
He also is my salvation , for an ungodly one shall not come before Him .
And when Aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the sanctuary vessels as the camp sets forward , then afterwards the sons of Kohath shall come in to carry . And they shall not touch the holy thing , that they may not die . These are the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation .
Paul , and Timothy , slaves of Jesus Christ , to all the saints in Christ Jesus who are in Philippi , with the overseers and ministers :
And he said to me , This is the place , there where the priests shall boil the guilt offering , and the sin offering , where they shall bake the food offering , so as not to bring them out to the outer court to sanctify the people .


And these were the generations of Isaac , the son of Abraham : Abraham fathered Isaac .
And the heave offering shall be theirs , from the heave offering of the land , the holiest of the holy places , by the border of the Levites .
And they made the kingdom of Judah stronger , and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon stronger , for three years , because they walked in the way of David and Solomon for three years .
For I was angry and struck him for the iniquity of his gain ; I hid Myself and was angry ; yet he went , turning in his heart's way .

teaching them to observe all things , whatever I commanded you . And , behold , I am with you all the days until the completion of the age . Amen .
And Moses saw the people , that it was unloosed , for Aaron had let it loose for a derision among their enemies .
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Eliasaph the son of Deuel .
And they signaled to his father , what he might desire him to be called .
Jerusalem , and the cities of Judah , and their kings , and their rulers , to make them a ruin , a horror , a hissing , and a curse , as it is this day ;
And He said to him , You have answered rightly ; do this , and you shall live .
Break out , sing together , waste places of Jerusalem ; for Jehovah comforts His people ; He has redeemed Jerusalem .
My son , become wise and give joy to my heart , so that I may return a word to him that taunts me .
For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus set me free from the law of sin and of death .
So no longer enduring , we were pleased to be left in Athens alone ,
And he dwells in cut off cities ; in houses where no one are lives in them , which are ready to become heaps .
The sons of Adonikam , six hundred and sixty six .
Do not love sleep , lest you become poor ; open your eyes , be satisfied with bread .
so as far as in me lies , I am eager to preach the gospel to you in Rome also .
saying , Where is He born King of the Jews ? For we saw His star in the east and have come to worship Him .
So you bear witness and consent to the works of your fathers ; for they indeed killed them , and you build their tombs .
And bringing them near to the magistrates , they said , These men are very much troubling our city , being Jews ,
And Jehovah said to me , This gate shall be shut ; it will not be opened . And a man shall not enter by it , because Jehovah , the God of Israel , has entered by it ; so it shall be shut .
And you shall take flour , and shall bake twelve cakes with it ; two tenths shall be in the one cake .
who says to a king , O worthless one ; to nobles , O evil one ?
How much less to Him who does not lift up the face of rulers , nor regard the rich before the poor ; for all of them are the work of His hands .
And when he saw the angel who was striking among the people , David spoke to Jehovah and said , Behold , I have sinned . Yea , I have acted perversely . And these , the flock , what have they done ? Now let your hand be on me , and on my father's house .

Let us not become glory seeking ones , provoking one another , envying one another .
But the daughter of Pharaoh went up out of the city of David to her house that he built for her ; then he built Millo .
As He also says in another , " You are a priest forever according to the order of Melchizedek , "
And coming to the house of Peter , Jesus saw his mother-in-law laid out and in a fever .
And Hezekiah and all the people rejoiced , because God had given preparation to the people ; for the thing had happened suddenly .
Our inheritance has been turned to aliens , our houses to foreigners .
For Jehovah will bring His people justice ; and He shall have compassion on His servants , for He sees that their power is gone , and only the imprisoned and abandoned remain .
so that the word of Isaiah the prophet might be fulfilled , which he said , " Lord , who has believed our report ? And the arm of the Lord , to whom was it revealed ? "
And the fig said to them , Should I cease from my sweetness and my good fruit , and go to hold sway over the trees ?
And Samuel said , What then is this bleating of the flock in my ears , and the sound of the herd that I hear .
And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years . And he died .
Then I saw , I set my heart on it ; I looked , I received instruction :
But you , you be strong , and do not let your hands be feeble , for there is a reward for your work .
But I saw no other of the apostles except James the brother of the Lord .
To the chief musician , for stringed instruments , A Psalm of David . Answer me when I call , God of my righteousness . You gave room to me in distress . Have mercy on me and hear my prayer .
Contend for my cause and redeem me ; give me life according to Your word .
Whoever confesses that Jesus is the Son of God , God abides in him , and he in God .

And now , O Jehovah the God of Israel , let Your word be verified , which you spoke to Your servant David .

Precious in the eyes of Jehovah is the death of His saints .
Jehovah has turned off your judgments ; He has turned away your enemy . Jehovah , the King of Israel , is in your midst ; you shall not fear evil any more .
And they said : Jehovah commanded my lord to give the land for inheritance by lot to the sons of Israel . And my lord was commanded by Jehovah to give the inheritance of our brother Zelophehad to his daughters .

As arrows in the hand of a mighty man , so are the sons of the young .
And they departed and found the colt tied at the door outside , by the crossway ; and they untied it .
When I remember these things and I pour out my soul on me ( for I passed over with the throng ; I led them to the house of God with the voice of rejoicing and praise , a host keeping the feast ) .
They uncovered her nakedness . They took her sons and her daughters . And they killed her with the sword . And she became notorious among women , and they executed judgments on her .
he hangs his tail like a cedar ; the sinews of his thighs are knit together ;
And I will multiply the fruit of the tree and the produce of the field , in order that you will not any more receive the disgrace of famine among the nations .
And in the fifth month , on the seventh of the month ( it was the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar , the king of Babylon ) Nebuzaradan the chief of the executioners , the servant of the king of Babylon , came to Jerusalem .
And there was also a man who prophesied in the name of Jehovah , Urijah the son of Shemaiah of Kirjath-jearim , who prophesied against this city and against this land according to the words of Jeremiah .

So the Lord Jehovah says this : I have lifted up My hand , surely the nations that surround you , they shall bear their shame .
And he caused to cease the idolatrous priests whom the kings of Judah had appointed to burn incense in the high places in the cities of Judah , and in the places around Jerusalem , and those burning incense to Baal , to the sun , and to the moon , and to constellations , and to all the host of the heavens .
By this we know that we abide in Him , and He in us , because of His Spirit He has given to us .
And they lifted their grain on their asses and walked from there .
And he shall lay siege to you in all your gates , until your high and fortified walls in which you are trusting come down , in all your land ; yea , he shall lay siege to you in all your gates , in all your land which Jehovah your God has given to you .
you shall take from their half , and you shall give to Eleazar the priest as the heave offering of Jehovah .
He has not done to us according to our sins , nor rewarded us according to our iniquities .
so Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , says this : Behold , I will feed them , this people with wormwood , and make them drink poison waters .
and the sons of Cush : Seba , and Havilah , and Sabta , and Raamah and Sabtecha . And the sons of Raamah : Sheba and Dedan .
So he was hired , that I should be afraid , and do so , and I should sin , and become for them for an evil name with which they might reproach me .
Chief Oholibamah , Chief Elah , Chief Pinon ,
And he went in and stood by his lord . And Elisha said to him , Where from Gehazi ? And he said , Your servant did not go here or there .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai in the tabernacle of the congregation on the first of the second month , in the second year after they had come out of the land of Egypt , saying ,

but if indeed she is separated , remain unmarried , or be reconciled to the husband ; and a husband not to leave his wife .
And I will put your flesh on the mountains and fill the valleys with your height .
The desire coming to pass is sweet to the soul , but to depart from evil is hateful to fools .
The womb shall forget him ; the worm shall suck on him ; he shall be remembered no more ; and injustice shall be broken like a tree .
Maon , Carmel and Ziph , and Juttah ,
And again I saw under the sun the place of justice : wickedness is there ; and the place of righteousness , wickedness is there .
And the waters shall dry up from the sea , and the river shall fail and dry up .

Jehovah is their strength , and He is the stronghold of the salvations of His anointed .



and one goat as a sin offering ; besides the continual burnt offering , and its food offering , and its drink offering .
And I went up according to revelation . And I put before them the gospel which I proclaim in the nations , but privately to the ones seeming to be pillars , lest I run , or I ran , into vanity .
And they rejected His statutes and His covenant that He made with their fathers , and His testimonies that He testified against them , and went after the vain thing , and became vain , and after the nations that were around them , of whom Jehovah had commanded them not to do like them .
Let it be known to the king that we went into the province of Judah , to the house of the great God , and it is being built with rolling stones , and timber is being laid in the walls , and that work is being done perfectly , and is prospering in their hands .
But while He was yet speaking to the crowds , behold , His mother and brothers were standing outside , seeking to speak to Him .
And she lived under the palm tree of Deborah , between Ramah and Bethel , in the hills of Ephraim . And the sons of Israel went up to her for judgment .
Behold , I have received word to bless ; yes , He has blessed ; I cannot reverse it .
As many as desire to look well in the flesh , these compel you to be circumcised , only that they may not be persecuted for the cross of Christ .
And Peter followed Him from a distance , even to the court of the high priest . And going inside , he sat with the under-officers to see the end .

And the fat of a dead body , and the fat of a thing torn may be used for any work , but you certainly shall not eat it ;
And Athaliah was the mother of Ahaziah . And when she saw that her son was dead , then she rose up and destroyed all the seed of the kingdom .

Because You , O Jehovah , are My refuge ; if you make the Most High your habitation ,
And the leaders of all the people of all the tribes of Israel , presented themselves in the assembly of all the people of God , four hundred thousand footmen drawing sword .
And they pulled up from Oboth and camped in Ije-abarim , in the border of Moab .
And they gathered it in the morning , each one in the morning according to the mouth of his eating . And it melted in the heat of the sun .
And on the first of the week , the disciples having been assembled to break bread , being about to depart on the morrow , Paul reasoned to them . And he continued his speech until midnight .
the sons of Gazzam , the sons of Uzza , the sons of Paseah ,

And they said to him , In Bethlehem of Judea , for so it has been written by the prophet ,
And I wrote this same thing to you , lest coming I might have grief from those of whom I ought to rejoice , trusting in you all that my joy is the joy of all of you .
The law of the wise is a fountain of life , to depart from the snares of death .
and a firstling of an ass , you shall redeem with a lamb . And if you do not redeem , you shall break its neck . You shall redeem every first-born of your sons , and they shall not be seen before My face empty .
So their way shall be to them as slippery places in the darkness ; they shall be driven out and fall by it . For I will bring evil on them , the year of their judgment , says Jehovah .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
which will not hear the charmer's voice , skillful caster of spells .
Save with Your right hand and answer me , that Your beloved may be delivered .
for we were saved by hope , but hope being seen is not hope ; for what anyone sees , why does he also hope ?
And Abraham was old , going on in days , and Jehovah had blessed Abraham in all things .
Rejoice greatly , O daughter of Zion ! Shout , O daughter of Jerusalem ! Behold , your King comes to you ! He is righteous and victorious , lowly , and riding on an ass , even on a colt , the son of an ass .
For I will rise against them , says Jehovah of Hosts , and cut off the name and remnant , the son and grandson , from Babylon , declares Jehovah .
I will heap evils on them ; I will use up My arrows on them .

As He spoke these things to them , behold , coming up a ruler bowed before Him , saying , My daughter has just now died ; but coming lay Your hand on her , and she will live .
But I say to you , One greater than the temple is here .
But shun profane , empty babblings , for they will go on to more ungodliness ,
Evening and morning , and at noon , I will complain and cry aloud ; and He shall hear my voice .

And Abigail saw David , and she hurried , and she dismounted from the ass and fell on her face before David and bowed to the earth .


And then indeed exhorting many different things , he preached the gospel to the people .

All Your garments smell of myrrh and aloes and cassia out of ivory palaces , by which they make You glad .
And also some of our women astounded us , having been early at the tomb ,
Once I have sworn by My holiness ; I will not lie to David .
So also you count yourselves to be truly dead to sin , but alive to God in Christ Jesus our Lord .
But if I do what I do not will , I agree with the law , that it is good .
Where you die , I will die , and there I will be buried . May Jehovah do to me , and more so , if anything but death part you and me .
He shall cleanse himself for it on the third day , and on the seventh day he shall be clean . And if he does not cleanse himself on the third day , then on the seventh day he shall not be clean .
And He having spoken , instantly the leprosy departed from him , and he was made clean .
For God will save Zion ; and He will build the cities of Judah , and they shall live there and possess it .
The burden of Nineveh : The book of the vision of the Elkoshite .
Or do you despise the riches of His kindness , and the forbearance and the longsuffering , not knowing that the kindness of God leads you to repentance ?

And he turned his face to the wall , and prayed to Jehovah , saying ,
Therefore , as I live , says the Lord Jehovah , surely because you have defiled My sanctuary with all your idolatries and with all your abominations , so I also will withdraw . And My eye shall not spare , and I will not have pity .
the great trials which your eyes have seen , and the miracles , and the wonders and the mighty hand , and the stretched out arm with which Jehovah your God has brought you out . So Jehovah your God shall do to all the peoples of whose face you are afraid .
And Jacob said to Joseph , God Almighty appeared to me in Luz in the land of Canaan and blessed me ,
Why have you prophesied in the name of Jehovah , saying , This house shall be like Shiloh , and this city shall be wasted , without inhabitant ? And all the people were gathered against in the house of Jehovah .
Be ashamed , Sidon , for the sea has spoken , the strength of the sea , saying , I have not travailed , nor brought forth , I have not nourished young men nor raised up virgins .
And all the congregation took counsel to keep another seven days . And they kept seven days joyfully .

And the sons of Israel captured two hundred thousand of their brothers , wives , sons and daughters , and also they seized from them much spoil , and they brought the spoil to Samaria .
Oh stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and in the ears ! You always fell against the Holy Spirit . As your fathers did , you also did .
And He said , It is too little that You should be My servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob , and to restore the preserved ones of Israel ; I will also give You for a light of the nations , that You may be My salvation to the end of the earth .
So Sheol has enlarged its appetite , and opened its mouth without measure , and her glory and her multitude , and her uproar , he who exults in her , shall come down in it .
The one speaking in a tongue builds himself up , but he prophesying builds up a church .
O Lord , shame of face belongs to us , to our kings , to our rulers and to our fathers , because we have sinned against You .
According to their uncleanness and according to their sins , I have done to them , and have hidden My face from them .
There is no speech , nor are there words where their voice is not heard .
who through faith overcame kingdoms , worked out righteousness , obtained promises , stopped the mouths of lions ,
Her rulers within her are roaring lions ; her judges are evening wolves ; they do not gnaw bones for the morning .
If her father absolutely refuses to give her to him , he shall weigh money according to the dowry of virgins .

And they shall be My people , and I will be their God .
For he has despised the word of Jehovah and has broken His command ; that soul shall utterly be cut off ; his iniquity shall be on him .
Out of the tribe of Judah , twelve thousand having been sealed . Out of the tribe of Reuben , twelve thousand having been sealed . Out of the tribe of Gad , twelve thousand having been sealed .
Now let them put away their fornication and the corpses of their kings from Me , and I will dwell in their midst forever .
And why do you not judge what is right even of yourselves ?
Bless Jehovah , O house of Israel ; bless Jehovah , O house of Aaron ;
And seeing some of His disciples eating bread with unclean , that is unwashed hands , they found fault .
The burden of Arabia : You shall stay in the forest of Arabia , O traveling companies of Dedanites .
Let your reasonableness be known to all men . The Lord is near .
And the king of Israel went to his house sullen and angry , and came to Samaria .
If anyone corrupts the sanctuary of God , God will bring that one to corruption ; for the sanctuary of God is holy , which you are .
The fire goes out where there is no wood , so the strife ceases where there is no whisperer .
and the rest of the people he gave into the hand of his brother Abishai ; and they set in order to meet the sons of Ammon .
he shall not eat a dead body or torn thing , for it is unclean ; I am Jehovah .
And Bathsheba came in to the king , to the inner room . And the king was old , and Abishag the Shunammite was serving the king .
And He is the Head of the body , the church , who is the Beginning , the First-born from the dead , that He be preeminent in all things ;
Jehovah your God has multiplied you , and , behold , today you are as the stars of heaven for multitude .
An illegitimate child shall not enter into the assembly of Jehovah , even to the tenth generation none of his shall enter into the assembly of Jehovah .
The wicked takes a bribe out of the bosom to pervert the paths of justice .
And they spoke against God , saying , Shall God be able to set a table in the wilderness ?
And will you profane Me among My people for handfuls of barley , and for bits of bread , to put to death the souls that should not die , and to save alive the souls that should not live , by your lying to My people who listen to lies ?
having a good conscience , that while they speak against you as evildoers , they may be shamed , those falsely accusing your good behavior in Christ .
And the daughter of Herodias herself entering , and dancing , she also pleased Herod and those reclining with him . The king said to the girl , Ask me whatever you wish , and I will give it to you .
I have given them Your Word , and the world hated them because they are not of the world , as I am not of the world .
You who bring good news to Zion , go up for yourself on the high mountain , bringer of good news to Zion . Lift up your voice with strength , bringer of good news to Jerusalem . Lift up ; do not fear . Say to the cities of Judah , Behold ! Your God !
Hear the voice of my prayers in my crying to You , when I lift my hands toward Your Holy of Holies .
And in My jealousy , in the fire of My wrath , I have spoken . Surely , in that day there shall be a great quaking in the land of Israel .
So Jehovah says this : Ask now among the nations , Who has heard things like these ? The virgin of Israel has done a very horrible thing .
Oh that you would stop speaking entirely ; and it would be your wisdom !
And the days of Adam after he fathered Seth were eight hundred years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
He takes no delight in the strength of the horse , nor any pleasure in the legs of a man .
Exalt Jehovah our God and worship at His footstool ; He is holy .
And one , a certain young man , was following Him , having thrown a linen cloth about his naked body . And the young men seized him .
Yea , it is hidden from the eyes of all living , and concealed from the birds of the heavens ;
And He began to teach them that it is necessary for the Son of man to suffer many things and to be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes , and to be killed , and after three days to rise again .
Circumcise yourselves to Jehovah , and take away the foreskin of your heart , O men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem , that My fury not go forth like fire and burn , so that no one can put it out ; because of the evil of your doings .
Surely he who walks and weeps , bearing a trail of seed , shall come again with joyful shouting , bearing his sheaves .
They shall not drink wine with a song ; fermented drink shall be bitter to those who drink it .
But that it may not be spread abroad further to the people , let us threaten them with a threat that they no longer speak on this name to any one of men .
And David assembled all the chiefs of Israel ; the chiefs of the tribes and chiefs of the divisions who were serving the king , and commanders of the thousands , and commanders of the hundreds , and heads of all property and possessions of the king , and of his sons , with the eunuchs and the mighty ones , even to every mighty one of valor , to Jerusalem .
But my brothers who went up with me caused the heart of the people to melt , yet I fully followed after Jehovah my God .
And came in and went out among the people , for they had not put him into prison .
for you have put off the old man , as regards the former behavior , having been corrupted according to the deceitful lusts ,
And the king died , and came to Samaria . And they buried the king in Samaria .
For the first tabernacle was prepared , in which was both the lampstand and the table , and the setting out of the loaves , which is called holy .
And it happened , as he made an end of speaking all these words , the ground which was under them split apart ,
And Ahab called to Obadiah , who was over the house ( and Obadiah greatly feared Jehovah ;
For God is my witness how I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ .
And it happened when their heart felt good , they said , Call for Samson , and he shall entertain us . And they called for Samson from the prison house . And he entertained them . And they made him stand between the pillars .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
The king's strength also loves judgment ; You establish uprightness ; You worked judgment and righteousness in Jacob .
Then Johanan , the son of Kareah , and all the army commanders with him , took all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , from Mizpah ( after he had killed Gedaliah , the son of Ahikam ) , mighty men of war , and the women , and the children , and the eunuchs , whom he had brought again from Gibeon .
And the pride of man shall be humbled ; and the loftiness of men shall be abased ; and Jehovah alone will be exalted in that day .
even Moses said to them , If the sons of Gad and the sons of Reuben pass over the Jordan with you each armed for battle before Jehovah , and the land shall be subdued before you , then you shall give to them the land of Gilead for a possession .

You have trampled all who go astray from Your statutes for their deceit is falsehood .
But if Christ is in you , the body indeed is dead because of sin , but the Spirit is life because of righteousness .
Do not let the treader fully tread his bow nor lift himself up in his armor . And do not spare her young men , utterly destroy all her army .
And if he who is sanctifying shall redeem the house , then he shall add a fifth of the silver of its valuation , and it shall become his .
And when he prayed for his friends , Jehovah turned the captivity of Job ; and Jehovah added to all which had been his , to double .
Overthrow the wicked , and they are not ; but the house of the righteous stands .
Jehovah our God spoke to us in Horeb , saying , You have had enough of dwelling in this mountain ;
be wailing over breasts , over pleasant fields , over the fruitful vine .
And the field was certified , and the cave in it , to Abraham for a burial possession from the sons of Heth .

In His holy dwelling God is a father of the fatherless , and a judge of the widows .
And calling near one of the centurions , Paul said , Bring this young man to the chiliarch , for he has something to report to him .
And from there they asked for a king . And God gave Saul the son of Kish to them , a man of the tribe of Benjamin , for forty years .
even to choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be priest to Me , to go up on My altar , to cause incense to smoke , to bear an ephod before Me ? And did I give to your father's house all the fire offerings of the sons of Israel ?
When you saw a thief , you were pleased with him ; and you have taken part with adulterers .
Let them thank Jehovah for His mercy , and His wonders to the sons of mankind ;
See that you also may submit to such ones , and to everyone working and laboring with me .
For You have maintained my right and my cause ; You sat on the throne judging right .
And the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the leaders and all the congregation .
and you shall serve your enemies whom Jehovah shall send on you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in lack of all things . And He shall put an iron yoke on your neck until He has destroyed you .
Then the other disciples said to him , We have seen the Lord . But he said to them , Unless I see the mark of the nails in His hands , and thrust my finger into the mark of the nails , and thrust my hand into His side , in no way will I believe .
And he took up his parable and said , He has led me from Aram , Balak king of Moab ; from the mountains of the east , saying , Come , curse Jacob for me ; and , come , rage at Israel .
And Eli said to her , How long will you be drunken ? Put away your wine from you .
And now , O Jehovah the God of Israel , keep with Your servant David , my father , that which You spoke to him , saying , There shall not be cut off to you a man from before Me , sitting on the throne of Israel . Only , if your sons watch their way to walk in My law , as you have walked before Me .
Blessed be Jehovah , because He has heard the voice of my prayers .
And those who escape shall remember Me among the nations where they will be exiled , because I was broken by their whoring heart which has turned away from Me , and by their whoring eyes which go after their idols . And they shall loathe against their faces for the evils which they have done in all their abominations .
And you shall set the table outside the veil , and the lamp across from the table on the side of the tabernacle southward . And you shall put the table on the north side .



And they sold possessions and goods and distributed them to all , according as anyone had need .
Appearing in glory , they spoke of His exodus , which He was about to accomplish in Jerusalem .
Abimelech took sheep and oxen , and male slaves , and slave-girls , and gave to Abraham . And he returned his wife Sarah to him .
And their father Ephraim mourned many days , and his brothers came to comfort him .

And behold ! I have given with him Aholiab the son of Ahisamach of the tribe of Dan ; and in the heart of every wise-hearted one I have given wisdom ; and they shall make all which I have commanded you :
Yea , he loved cursing , and it came to him ; he also had no pleasure in blessing , and it was far from him .
I was looking until the thrones were thrown up , and the Ancient of Days sat , whose robe was white as snow and the hair of His head like pure wool . His throne was like flames of fire , its wheels like burning fire .
And command the people , saying , You are passing over into the border of your brothers , the sons of Esau , who live in Seir , and they shall be afraid of you . And you shall be on guard very much ;
Simon Peter went up and dragged the net onto the land , full of big fish , a hundred and fifty three . And though being so many , the net was not torn .
And whatever does not have fins and scales , you shall not eat . It shall be unclean to you .

because they had not done My judgments and had despised My statutes and had profaned My sabbaths . And their eyes were after their fathers' idols .
For what will a man be benefited if he should gain the whole world , but forfeits his soul ? Or what will a man give as an exchange for his soul ?
And I rose up and went forth into the plain . And , behold , there the glory of Jehovah was standing , like the glory which I saw by the river Chebar . And I fell on my face .
And he that touches the flesh of him who discharges shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until evening .
Then He said , Call his name Not My People , for you are not My people , and I will not be for you .
Foolishness is joy to him who lacks understanding , but a man of understanding walks straight .
As the clouds fade and vanish , so he who goes down to Sheol shall not come up .
Wealth from vanity shall be diminished , but he who gathers by labor shall increase .
Behold , I have called by name Bezaleel , the son of Uri , the son of Hur , to the tribe of Judah .
And now , hear , O our God , the prayer of Your servant and his holy desires , and cause Your face to shine on Your sanctuary that is desolate , for the sake of the Lord .
If a man walks with wind , and he lies in deceit , saying , I will drop words to you for wine and for fermented drink , he shall even be a dropper of words for this people .
then I also will reject the seed of Jacob , and My servant David , not to take of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham , Isaac and Jacob . For I will bring back their captivity and have pity on them .

When men fight with one another , and the wife of the one shall come near to deliver her husband from his assailant's hand , and shall put out her hand and lay hold on his genitals ,
God will likewise break you forever ; He shall take you away , even pluck you from your tent , and uproot you out of the land of the living . Selah .
And those in the good ground , these are the ones who in a right and good heart , hearing the Word , they hold it and bear fruit in patience .

And Jehovah said to Moses and to Aaron in the land of Egypt , saying ,

Do not be deceived , God is not mocked . For whatever a man may sow , that he also will reap .
And the anger of Jehovah glowed in that day , and He swore , saying ,
And it shall be in that day , I will cut off your horses out of your midst , and I will destroy your chariots , declares Jehovah .

Our fathers have sinned , and we are not ; we have borne their iniquities .
He alone is my rock and my salvation , my strong tower ; I shall not be greatly moved .
And Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot , and stood at the door of the house of Elisha .
Before shattering , a man's heart is haughty , but humility goes before honor .
and the man shall be clean from sin , and the woman shall bear her iniquity .
the One speaking to the sun , and it does not rise ; and He sets a seal around the stars ;
And Moses said to him , Are you jealous for my sake ? Oh that all Jehovah's people were prophets , that Jehovah would put His spirit on them !
And Jehovah listened to the voice of Israel , and delivered up the Canaanites ; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities ; and the name of the place was called Hormah .
But when you are invited , going in , recline at the last place , so that when he who has invited you may come , he may say to you , Friend , go up higher . Then glory will be to you before those reclining with you .
folly is set in many high positions , and many rich men sit in low situations .
And Hatach came and told the words of Mordecai .
or if he has struck him with his hand in enmity , and he dies , the striker shall certainly be put to death ; he is a murderer . When the avenger of blood meets him he shall put to death the murderer .
For all the people who had come out were circumcised . And all the people who were born in the wilderness , in the way , as they came out from Egypt , had not been circumcised .

And Moses said , Behold , I am about to go out from you , and to pray to Jehovah . And the swarms of flies will depart from Pharaoh , and from his servants , and from his people tomorrow . But do not let Pharaoh continue to deceive , not to send the people to sacrifice to Jehovah .
The Angel of Jehovah camps around those who fear Him , and He delivers them .
but you will receive power , the Holy Spirit coming upon you , and you will be witnesses of Me both in Jerusalem , and in all Judea , and Samaria , and to the end of the earth .
He is like a man building a house , who dug and deepened , and laid a foundation on the rock . And a flood having occurred , the stream burst against that house and could not shake it , for it had been founded on the rock .
Surely I would speak to the Almighty , and I desire to argue with God .
And they came again to Jerusalem . And as He was walking in the temple , the chief priests and the scribes and the elders came to Him .
So says Jehovah , Go and buy a potter's earthen jar , and gather from the elders of the people , and from the elders of the priests .
This is the Moses who said to the sons of Israel , " The Lord your God will raise up a Prophet to you " " from your brothers , One like me . " You shall hear Him .
And Solomon sent to Hiram , saying ,
A Psalm of Asaph . O God , the nations have come into Your inheritance ; they have defiled Your holy temple ; they have laid Jerusalem in heaps .
Likewise , their wives to be reverent , not slanderers , temperate , faithful in all things .
which Jehovah had commanded Moses in Mount Sinai , in the days of His commanding the sons of Israel to bring near their offerings to Jehovah , in the wilderness of Sinai .
And the heart knowing God testified to them , giving them the Holy Spirit , even as also to us .
And Jacob fled into the field of Syria , and Israel served for a wife ; yea , he shepherded for a wife .
Two will be grinding together ; one will be taken and the other will be left .
And Jesus went around all Galilee teaching in their synagogues and proclaiming the gospel of the kingdom , and healing every disease and every one of the illnesses among the people .

Hear Me , coastlands , and you people from afar , and prick up your ear , Jehovah called Me from the womb ; He mentioned My name from My mother's belly .
The wicked's house shall be thrown down , but the tent of the upright will flourish .
Let my judgment go out from Your face ; Your eyes see uprightly .
And Mordecai came again to the king's gate , but Haman hurried to his house mourning , and his head covered .
So says Jehovah , You shall not go up , nor fight with your brothers . Each return to his house , for this thing has come from Me . And they heard the words of Jehovah , and turned back from going against Jeroboam .
For they have eaten up Jacob , and laid waste to his dwelling-place .
Let Me alone that I may destroy them and blot out their name from under the heavens ; and I will make of you a nation mightier and greater than they .
And some from the peoples and tribes and tongues and nations will see their dead bodies three days and a half ; and they do not allow their dead bodies to be put in tombs .
And Jehovah hardened Pharaoh's heart , and he did not listen to them , as Jehovah had said to Moses .
Greet Asyncritus , Phlegon , Hermas , Patrobas , Hermes , and the brothers with them .
The king spoke and said , is this not great Babylon that I have built for the house of the kingdom , by the might of my power , and for the honor of my majesty ?
And Esau said to his father , Is one blessing left to you , my father ? Bless me , me also , my father . And Esau lifted up his voice and wept .
When Ephraim saw his sickness , and Judah his wound , then Ephraim went to Assyria , and sent to king Jareb . Yet he could not heal you , nor did he cure you of your wound .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah , as his fathers did ; he did not turn aside from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who caused Israel to sin .
And Pharaoh was angry against his two eunuchs , against the chief of the cupbearers and against the chief of the bakers .
And all were baptized to Moses in the cloud , and in the Sea ,
And Paul and Barnabas stayed in Antioch , teaching and announcing the gospel , the Word of the Lord , with many others also .
with much entreating , begging us that they might receive of us the grace and the fellowship of the ministry to the saints .
And the sons of Ulam were mighty men , treaders of the bow , and had many sons , and grandsons , a hundred and fifty . All these were the sons of Benjamin .
And taking the silver , they did as they were taught . And this report was spread by the Jews until today .
And I will give My jealousy against you , and they will deal with you in fury . Your nose and your ears they will take , and the rest of you shall fall by the sword . They will take your sons and your daughters , and the rest of you shall be devoured by the fire .
Then through Him let us offer up a sacrifice of praise to God always , that is , the fruit of the lips , confessing to His name .
And on the eighth day he shall take to himself two turtle doves , or two young doves , and come before Jehovah to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation and give them to the priest .
If we say that we have not sinned , we make Him a liar , and His word is not in us .
And this shall be the sign for you : you shall eat this year that which grows of itself , and in the second year that which springs of the same ; and in the third year you shall sow , and reap , and plant vineyards , and eat their fruit .
to whom the chief of the eunuchs gave names . For he called Daniel , Belteshazzar ; and Hananiah , Shadrach ; and Mishael , Meshach ; and Azariah , Abednego .
And he built a side-structure on the wall of the house all around , against the walls of the house all around ; to the temple and to the sanctuary . And he made side sections all around .
And Sarah said , God has made laughter for me ; all who hear will laugh with me .
And David did not bring the ark to himself , to the City of David , but carried it aside to the house of Obed-edom the Gittite .
For You are my lamp , O Jehovah ; and Jehovah shall light up my darkness .
Did I not weep for him whose day is hard ; and my soul grieved for the poor ?
And they pulled up from the Meeting Place and camped in Mount Shapher .
and for his sister , the virgin , who is near to him , who has not been with a man , for her he may be defiled .
And the men of Israel went to battle with Benjamin ; and the men of Israel set themselves in order against them , to battle against Gibeah .
And he burned the house of Jehovah , and the king's house , and all the houses of Jerusalem ; yea , he burned every great house with fire .
Behold , the days are coming , declares Jehovah , that the plowman shall overtake the reaper , and the treader of grapes him who draws along seed . And the mountains shall drop new must , and all the hills will be dissolved .
But if you bite and devour one another , be careful that you are not consumed by one another .
And Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance , so that the weight of the bronze could not be searched out .

And He said , No , for I now come as the Commander of the army of Jehovah . And fell on his face to the earth and worshiped . And he said to Him , What does my Lord speak to His slave ?
that at that time you were without Christ , alienated from the commonwealth of Israel and strangers of the covenants of promise , having no hope and without God in the world .
And the people , the men of Israel , made themselves strong , and again set the battle in order in the place where they set themselves on the first day .
And he shall put of the blood on the horns of the altar before the face of Jehovah in the tabernacle of the congregation . And he shall pour out all the blood at the base of the altar of burnt offering at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
to Him who made great lights ; for His mercy endures forever ;
And in the going of the living creatures the wheels went beside them . And in the lifting up of the living creatures from on the earth , the wheels were lifted up .



And Uzziah prepared for them , for all the army , shields and spears and helmets , and breastplates , and bows , even to stones for the slings .
And now you hear the word of Jehovah , all you exiles whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon .
and the lampstands , and their lamps , for their burning was according to the ordinance , before the holy place , of refined gold ;
And Pilate said to them , You have a guard , go away , make it as secure as you know how .
How good are your tents , O Jacob , your dwellings , O Israel !
Behold , as the eyes of servants look to the hand of their masters ; as the eyes of a maiden to the hand of her mistress ; so our eyes wait on Jehovah our God , until He shows grace to us .
But how he now sees , we do not know ; or who opened his eyes , we do not know . He is of age , ask him . He will speak about himself .

And seeing that it was pleasing to the Jews , he added also to seize Peter , ( and they were the days of Unleavened Bread )
Let that day be darkness ! Let not God look on it from above , nor let the light shine on it .
And you shall be left few in number , whereas you were as the stars of the heavens for multitude , because you would not obey the voice of Jehovah your God .
What shall we do for them , for those who are left , for wives ? For we surely have sworn by Jehovah not to give them of our daughters for wives .

Bless Jehovah , O angels of His ; mighty in strength ; doing His word ; listening to the voice of His word .
And He said , Truly I say to you this poor widow put in more than all .
not of works , that not anyone should boast ;

also one loaf of bread , and one cake of oil bread , and one wafer , from the basket of unleavened bread which is before the face of Jehovah .
And Elisha returned to Gilgal . And the famine was in the land . And the sons of the prophets were sitting before him . And he said to his young man , Set on the big pot and boil soup for the sons of the prophets .
And there were three sons of Zeruiah there , Joab , and Abishai , and Asahel . And Asahel was swift with his feet , like one of the gazelles in the field .
because we are not wrestling against flesh and blood , but against the rulers , against the authorities , against the world's rulers , of the darkness of this age , against the spiritual powers of evil in the heavenlies .
And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah has not turned to Me with her whole heart , but with falsehood , says Jehovah .
And coming to us , and taking Paul's girdle , and binding his hands and feet , he said , The Holy Spirit says these things : In Jerusalem the Jews will bind in this way the man whose belt this is , and will deliver him up into the hands of the nations .
And we have believed and have known that You are the Christ , the Son of the living God .
Behold , I am ready to come to you a third time . And I will not burden you , for I do not seek your things , but you . For the children ought not to lay up treasure for the parents , but the parents for the children .
And the house of Jacob shall be a fire , and the house of Joseph a flame , and the house of Esau for straw . And they shall burn among them and consume them . And no survivor shall be to the house of Esau , for Jehovah has spoken .
And there was a herd of many pigs feeding there in the mount . And they begged Him that He would allow them to enter into those . And He allowed them .

The one believing into Him is not condemned ; but the one not believing has already been condemned , for he has not believed into the name of the only begotten Son of God .
And you shall set up the court all around . And you shall place the screen of the opening of the court .
Blessed is Jehovah God , the God of Israel , who alone does wonderful things .
And three times in a year Solomon offered burnt offerings and peace offerings on the altar that he built to Jehovah , and he burned incense on the altar before Jehovah , and finished the house .
and a bullock and a ram for peace offerings , to sacrifice before Jehovah ; and a food offering mixed with oil ; for today Jehovah will appear to you .
Jehoram was a son of thirty two years when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years .
I have spoken these things to you so that you may not be offended .
And his brothers were jealous of him . But his father observed the word .

And they lived in Gilead in Bashan , and in her towns , and in all the open lands of Sharon , on their borders .
And all the men of Israel rose from their place and set themselves in order at Baal-tamar . And Israel's ambush came out of its place , out of the meadow of Gibeah .
From the sons of Phinehas , Gershom . From the sons of Ithamar , Daniel . From the sons of David , Hattush .
concerning all the sins of Baasha and the sins of his son Elah that they sinned , and that they caused Israel to sin , to provoke to anger Jehovah the God of Israel with their vanities .
And a famine was in the land , so Abram went down into Egypt to stay there . For the famine was heavy in the land .
And David mustered the people who were with him , and he set over them commanders of hundreds .

Jesus said to him , Am I so long a time with you , and you have not known Me , Philip ? The one seeing Me has seen the Father ! And how do you say , Show us the Father ?

I will open rivers in bare places , and fountains in the midst of valleys ; I will make the desert for a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
The bellows blow , the lead is consumed from the fire , the refiner refines in vain ; for the evil is not separated .
My heart is fixed , O God , my heart is fixed ; I will sing and give praise .
having shown yourself a pattern of good works about all things in doctrine , in purity , sensibleness , incorruption ,
And hastening , he came down and welcomed Him , rejoicing .
You shall be cursed when you come in , and you shall be cursed when you go out .

And she said , See , your sister-in-law has turned back to her people , and to her gods . You turn back after your sister-in-law .
And it happened as Jesus returned , the crowd gladly received Him , for they were all waiting for Him .
And there was no smith found throughout all the land of Israel , for the Philistines said , Lest the Hebrews make swords or spears .
so that the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you , and you in Him , according to the grace of our God and of the Lord Jesus Christ .
And I will establish My covenant with Isaac , whom Sarah shall bear to you at this time next year .
And Jehovah has taken you , and has brought you forth out of the iron furnace , out of Egypt , to be a people to Him , an inheritance , as it is this day .

And Saul said to David , Behold my elder daughter Merab ! I will give her to you for a wife ; only , you be a brave son for me and fight the battles of Jehovah . And Saul said , Let not my hand be on him , but let the hand of the Philistines be on him .
And it now becoming a late hour , drawing near to Him , the disciples said , The place is deserted , and it is now a late hour .
And it happened after these things , Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard in Jezreel , near the palace of Ahab the king of Samaria .
Do not forget the voice of Your enemies ; the noise of those rising up against You is going up continually .

Now , then , listen to me , O sons , and attend to the words of my mouth :
in whom we also have been chosen to an inheritance , being predestinated according to the purpose of the One working all things according to the counsel of His own will ,

And bringing the boats down onto the land , forsaking all things , they followed Him .
And if I send them away fasting to their house , they will faint in the way , for some of them come from afar .
Turn to the stronghold , O prisoners of hope ! Even today I declare I will return double to you .
And if you shall seek Jehovah your God from there , then you shall find Him , if you seek Him with your whole heart , and with all your soul ,
And Lot went out to speak to his sons-in-law , those taking his daughters . And he said , Rise up , go out from this place , for Jehovah is about to destroy the city . And he seemed as one joking to his sons-in-law .
And Elihu had waited for with words , because they were older than he in days .
And the beast which was , and is not , even he is the eighth , and is of the seven , and goes to perdition .



He pampering his servant from youth , even afterwards in his days he shall be his successor .
And Samuel said to Saul , Why have you disturbed me , to bring me up . And Saul said , I am grievously distressed . And the Philistines are fighting against me , and God has turned from me and has not answered me any more , either by the hand of the prophets , or by dreams . And I called for you to make known to me what I should do .
But You will lift up my horn as the wild ox , and I will be anointed with fresh oil .
And they hanged Haman on the wooden gallows which he had prepared for Mordecai . And the king's wrath lay down .
I have shattered them , and they cannot rise up ; they fell under my feet .
For so the Lord has commanded us , " I have set You for a Light of nations , that You be for salvation to the end of the earth . "

Only acknowledge your iniquity , that you have rebelled against Jehovah your God and have scattered your ways to the strangers under every green tree , and you have not obeyed My voice , says Jehovah .
And I also have loaned him to Jehovah ; all the days which he shall be , he is loaned to Jehovah . And he worshiped there before Jehovah .
But David did not take the number of them from the son of twenty years and under , because Jehovah had said He would increase Israel like the stars of the heavens .
not in passion of lust , even as also the nations do , not knowing God ;
You shall take no interest from him , or increase ; and you shall fear your God ; and the life of your brother is with you .
But in the same way Rahab the harlot was also justified out of works , having received the messengers , and sending them out by another way .
Who has gone before Me that I should repay ? All under the heavens , it is Mine !
For you shall surely eat the labor of your hands ; you shall be happy , and all is good to you .
And be prepared in the morning , and go up in the morning to Mount Sinai . And place yourself here by Me , on the top of the mountain .
And going up , and breaking bread , and tasting , and conversing over a long time , until daybreak , he went out thus .
And the ones being sealed were the governor , the son of Hachaliah , and Zidkijah ,
Vaniah , Meremoth , Eliashib ,
His soul shall abide in good , and his seed shall inherit the earth .
And David was a son of thirty years when he became king ; he reigned forty years .

And afterward David heard , and said , I and my kingdom are guiltless before Jehovah forever from the blood of Abner the son of Her .
but now you boast in your presumptions . All such boasting is evil .
The mouth of the righteous speaks wisdom , and his tongue speaks judgment .
You meet him who rejoices and works righteousness ; they recall You in Your ways . Behold , You were angry , for we sinned . In I them is eternity , we shall be saved .
And you shall not go up by steps to My altar , that your nakedness may not be uncovered on it .
For You have delivered my soul from death , my eye from tears , my feet from stumbling .
And David and the people with him lifted up their voice and wept , until they had no power in them to weep .

having eyes full of an adulteress , and never ceasing from sin ; alluring unsettled souls ; having a heart busied with covetousness ; cursed children ;
And the priest shall burn them as incense on the altar , a fire offering to Jehovah ; it is a guilt offering .
Therefore , mountains of Israel , hear the word of the Lord Jehovah : So says the Lord Jehovah to the mountains and to the hills , to the ravines and to the valleys , to the wastes of desolation , and to the forsaken cities which became a prey and a mocking to the rest of the nations all around .
and the hare , though it brings up the cud , yet it does not divide the hoof ; it is unclean to you ;
And the people went around and gathered it , and ground it in mills , or beat it in mortars , and boiled it in a pan , and made it into cakes . And its taste was like the taste of fresh oil .
And went up from Gilgal , he and all the people of war with him , even all the mighty warriors .
blotting out the handwriting in the ordinances against us , which was contrary to us , even He has taken it out of the midst , nailing it to the cross ;
And you , Capernaum , who " have been exalted to the heaven , you will be thrown down to Hades . " For if the powerful acts happening in you had taken place in Sodom , it would remain until today .
and a man lies with her with semen , and it has been hidden from her husband's eyes , and is kept hidden , and she is defiled , and there is no other witness against her , and she has not been caught ;
This is the lament , and they shall lament her ; the daughters of the nations shall lament her . Over Egypt and over all her multitude , they shall lament her , declares the Lord Jehovah .

And the man said , The woman whom You gave to be with me , she has given to me of the tree , and I ate .
Grace be with you all . Amen .

And they asked him , What , then ? Are you Elijah ? And he said , I am not . Are you the Prophet ? And he answered , No .
And the Pharisees went out and began to argue with Him , seeking from Him a sign from Heaven , tempting Him .
" Honor your father and mother , " which is the first commandment with a promise ,
We are all of us sons of one man ; we are honest ; your servants are not spies .
No man of the seed of Aaron the priest in whom there is a blemish shall come near to offer the fire offerings of Jehovah ; a blemish is in him ; he shall not come near to offer the bread of his God .
And they prepared the present for the coming of Joseph at noon . For they had heard that they would eat bread there .
I was father to the poor , and the cause which I did not know , I searched out .
And we dreamed a dream in one night , he and I ; we each dreamed according to the interpretation of his dream .
Better is a palm filled with rest , than two fists with labor and striving after wind .
Because you have said , We have cut a covenant with death ; and , We have made a vision with Sheol , when the overwhelming rod passes through it will not come to us for we have made the lie our refuge , and we have hidden in falsehood .
and he made seventy thousand of them burden bearers , and eighty thousand hewers in the mountain , and three thousand , six hundred to oversee to cause the people to work .
Of the sons of Benjamin their generations , by their families , by their fathers' house , in the number of names , from a son of twenty years and upward , everyone able to go out to war :
A Prayer of David O Jehovah , bow down Your ear , answer me , for I am poor and needy .
And one , a scribe , coming near , said to Him , Teacher , I will follow You wherever you may go .
Then I saw that she was defiled , one way was to both of them .
And the chief of the seamen came near to him and said to him , What is it to you , O sound sleeper ? Rise up and cry out to your God ! It may be our god will notice us , and we will not perish .
They do not despise a thief , if he steals to fill his appetite when he is hungry .
And Jehovah was moved to pity concerning the evil which He had spoken to do to His people .

And Jehovah was with Joseph , and he was a prosperous man . And he was in the house of the Egyptian , his master .

A stream of fire went out and came out from before Him . A thousand thousands served Him , and a myriad myriads stood before Him . The court was set and the books were opened .
that through the work of Christ he drew near to death , having disregarded his life , that he may fill up your lack of service toward me .
So says the Lord Jehovah : And it shall be in that day , words shall come up into your heart , and you shall devise an evil plan .
For the Law perfected nothing , but a bringing in of a better hope , through which we draw near to God .
And every curse will no longer be . And the throne of God and the Lamb will be in it ; and His slaves will serve Him .
And you made a reservoir between the walls , for the water of the old pool . But you have not looked to its Maker , nor did you see its Former from long ago .
And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his birth , in Ur of the Chaldeans .
So , as the tongue of fire devours the stubble , and the flame burns up the chaff ; their root shall be like rottenness , and their blossoms shall go up like dust , because they have cast away the law of Jehovah of Hosts ; and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel .
Then all the king's wise men came in . But they could not read the writing or make the meaning known to the king .
Jesus answered , It is he to whom I , having dipped the morsel , shall give it . And dipping the morsel , He gave it to Judas Iscariot , son of Simon .
And she was bitter of soul , and prayed to Jehovah , and she wept copiously .
And there was a certain rich man ; and he was accustomed to don a purple robe and fine linen , making merry in luxury day by day .
Let not Hezekiah persuade you , saying , Jehovah will deliver us . Have the gods of he nations delivered a man of his land from the king of Assyria's hand ?
And Ner fathered Kish , and Kish fathered Saul , and Saul fathered Jonathan , and Malchishua , and Abinadab , and Eshbaal .
and the earth opened her mouth and swallowed them , and their houses , and all the men who were for Korah , and all their possessions .


But if Timothy comes , see that he is with you without fear ; for he works the work of the Lord , even as I .

But the hireling , not even being a shepherd , who does not own the sheep , sees the wolf coming and forsakes the sheep and flees . And the wolf seizes them , and scatters the sheep .

And David heard that Nabal had died , and said , Blessed be Jehovah who has contended for the cause of my reproach from the hand of Nabal ; and His servant has been kept back from evil . And Jehovah has caused the evil doing of Nabal to return on his head . And David sent and spoke with Abigail , to take her to himself for a wife .
Though Babylon should mount up to the heavens , and though she should fortify her strong height , plunderers shall come from Me to her , states Jehovah .
And Saul and three of his sons , and his armor-bearer , and all his men died together on that day .
And Jehovah listened to the voice of Elijah , and the soul of the boy returned to him , and he lived .
Only , the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burned incense in high places ; he built the Upper Gate of the house of Jehovah .
No one has seen God at any time . If we love one another , God abides in us , and His love having been perfected is in us .
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai .
And he said , My brothers , please do not act evilly .
And Rebekah said to Isaac , I am weary of my life from the daughters of Heth . If Jacob takes a wife from the daughters of Heth , like these from the daughters of the land , what is my life to me ?
But I decided this within myself , not to come to you again in grief .
And he released to them the one thrown into prison due to revolt and murder , whom they asked . But he delivered Jesus to their will .
And returning , they prepared spices and ointment . And indeed they rested on the sabbath , according to the commandment .

For consider Him who had endured such gainsaying of sinners against Himself , that you do not grow weary , fainting in your souls .
And the vinedresser said to him , Sir , leave it also this year until I shall dig around it and throw manure ;
If You will keep iniquities , O Jehovah , O Lord , who shall stand ?
And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead , then each one went to his place .

You have advised shame for your house , to make an end of many peoples , and are sinning in your soul .

And you say , If we had been in the days of our fathers , we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets .
And you shall bring in the table and set in order its arrangement . And you shall bring in the lampstand and set up its lamps .
Lift the heads of the prey of the captives . among man and among beast , you and Eleazar the priest , and the heads of the fathers of the congregation .

And He spoke to the man clothed with linen , and said , Go in among the wheels , under the cherub , and fill your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubs , and sprinkle on the city . And he went in before me .
And Joab gave the tally of the census of the people to David ; and all Israel was a million and one hundred thousand men drawing sword ; and Judah was four hundred and seventy thousand drawing sword .
And Jehovah has returned to me according to my righteousness , according to the cleanness of my hands before His eyes .
And when they heard these words , both the priest and the temple commander and the chief priests were in doubt concerning them , what this might be .
the words having been spoken before by the holy prophets , and the command of the Lord and Savior by us , the apostles ;
Yea , before they made the fat to smoke , then the priest's servant came in . And he said to the man who was sacrificing , Give meat to roast for the priest ; and he will not take boiled meat from you , but raw .

But rather , As Jehovah lives who brought up the sons of Israel from the land of the north , and from all the lands , there where He had driven them . And I will bring them again into their land that I gave to their fathers .
The words of the wicked ambush for blood , but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them .
Now set your heart from this day and forward , from the twenty-fourth day of the ninth month , from the day that Jehovah's temple was established . Set your heart :
But Baruch , the son of Neriah , is inciting you against us , to deliver us into the hand of the Chaldeans , that they might put us to death , or exile us to Babylon .
But I say to you , Everyone looking at a woman to lust after her has already committed adultery with her in his heart .
And Haman went out that day joyful and good of heart . But when Haman saw Mordecai in the gate of the king , that he did not stand up or move for him , he was full of fury against Mordecai .

And they began to be grieved , and to say to Him one by one , Not at all I , is it ? And another , Not at all I , is it ?
All the words of my mouth are in righteousness ; nothing crooked or perverse is in them ;
And when a man sells his daughter for a slave-girl , she shall not go out as the male slaves go out .
She is wearied with toil , and the increase of her rust did not go out , her rust will be in the fire .
The voice of Jehovah breaks the cedars ; yea , Jehovah breaks Lebanon's cedars .
Jehovah shall keep you from all evil ; He shall keep your soul .
And he turned behind him and he saw me and called to me . And I said , Behold me .
Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the soul . This is also vanity and striving after wind .
Then answered Jehovah and said :
And when Balak heard that Balaam had come , and had gone out to meet him , to a city of Moab which is on the border of Arnon , which is in the outermost border ,
And , Come now , and let us kill him , and throw him into one of the pits . And let us say , An evil beast has eaten him . And let us see what will become of his dreams .
By Your strength the mountains are established , banded together with might .
And he removed the sodomites out of the land , and removed all the idols that his fathers made .
You will keep in perfect peace the mind stayed on You , for he trusts in You .
All going in to her do not return , nor do they reach the ways of life .
Do you not know that the saints will judge the world ? And if the world is judged by you , are you unworthy of small judgments ?
the person who touches it shall even be unclean until the evening , and shall not eat of the holy things , but shall bathe his flesh with water .
Then the one teaching another , do you not teach yourself ? The one preaching not to steal , do you steal ?
And I came near one of those who stood by and asked him the truth of all this . And he told me and made me know the meaning of the things .
And Mordecai passed over and did according all that had commanded him
And their names were Oholah , the oldest , and Oholibah , her sister . And they were Mine , and they bore sons and daughters . And their names : Samaria is Oholah , and Jerusalem is Oholibah .
They did not know that He spoke to them of the Father .
Cursed is he who strikes his neighbor secretly ! And all the people shall say , Amen !
Do not be a terror to me ; You are my refuge in the day of evil .
and Jokim ; and the men of Chozeba ; and Joash , and Saraph ; who ruled over Moab ; and Jashubilehem . And these are ancient things .
Teacher , which is the great commandment in the Law ?
And Amalek came and fought against Israel in Rephidim .
even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you ,
Purge me with hyssop , and I shall be clean ; wash me , and I shall be whiter than snow .
And , behold , they are in the land of Goshen . And he took five men from among his brothers and set them before Pharaoh .
And there was one called Barabbas , having been bound with the insurgents , who in the insurrection had committed murder .
He shall put on a holy linen coat , and linen underpants shall be on his flesh , and he shall gird himself with a linen girdle , and he shall wrap himself in a linen miter ; they are holy garments . And he shall bathe his flesh with water and shall put them on .
Gather up your bundle from the ground , you who live under the siege .
And he passed through the hills of Ephraim , and passed through the land of Shalisha . And they did not find them . And they passed through the land of Shaalim , and they were not there . And he passed through the land of Benjamin , and they did not find them .
And Elihu answered and said :
Behold , " your house is left to you desolate . "
Then the mother of the sons of Zebedee came near to Him , along with her sons , worshipping , and asking something from Him .
You shall be established in righteousness ; you shall be far from oppression , for you shall not fear ; and from terror , for it shall not come near you .

And Jehovah said to Isaiah , Go out to meet Ahaz , you and your son Shearjashub , at the end of the conduit of the upper pool , to the highway of the Fuller's Field .

and he will go to mislead the nations in the four corners of the earth , Gog and Magog , to assemble them in war , whose number is as the sand of the sea .
And you shall make its horns on its four corners . Its horns shall be a part of itself . And you shall overlay it with bronze .
He shall clap His hands at him , and shall hiss him from his place .
Cursed is he who does not rise to all the words of this law , to do them ! And all the people shall say , Amen !
Let destruction come on him ; he will not know ; and let his net which he concealed catch him ; let him fall in it , into destruction .
And finding it , he puts it on his shoulders , rejoicing .
then you shall understand the fear of Jehovah and find knowledge of God .
The priest shall put on his long robe of fine linen , and he shall put his linen underpants on his flesh . And he shall lift up the ashes which the fire consumed with the burnt offering on the altar , and shall put them beside the altar .
But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot , and she returned to him into the ark , for the waters were on the face of all the earth . And he put out his hand and took her , and pulled her in to him into the ark .
And the prayer of faith will cure those being sick , and the Lord will raise him up . And if he may have committed sin , it will be forgiven him .
If the grape gatherers come to you , would they not leave gleanings ? If thieves come by night , will they ruin more than enough for them ?

And He was on the stern , sleeping on the headrest . And they awakened Him , and said to Him , Teacher , does it not matter to You that we are perishing ?
And her husband went with her , going on and weeping behind her to Bahurim . And Abner said to him , Go , return . And he returned .
And they led Him away first to Annas , for he was the father-in-law of Caiaphas , who was high priest of that year .
And He entering into a certain village , ten leprous men met Him , who stood afar off .

And he asked them of their welfare , and said , Is there peace to your father , the old man of whom you spoke ? Is he still alive ?
And they said , The one who escaped shall be a legacy of Benjamin , that a tribe may not be blotted out from Israel .
And on the third day Laban was told that Jacob had fled .


if I have eaten its strength without silver , or have caused its owner to expire ;
and Zorah , and Aijalon , and Hebron . These were in Judah and in Benjamin as cities of defense .
And of Benjamin , Eliada a mighty man , and two hundred thousand armed men with bow and shield with him .
saying , If you had known , even you , even at least in this day of yours , the things for your peace ! But now they were hidden from your eyes .
And you will say to the housemaster of that house , The Teacher says to you , Where is the guest room where I may eat the passover with My disciples ?
And it is not good to punish the just , to strike leaders for uprightness .
But I said to you that you also have seen Me and did not believe .
And he who eats it , he shall bear his iniquity ; for he has polluted the holy thing of Jehovah , and that person shall be cut off from his people .
And the twelve gates were twelve pearls ; respectively each one of the gates was of one pearl . And the street of the city was pure gold , as transparent glass .

He will tithe your flock , and you will be servants to him .
And the angel put forth his hand to Jerusalem , to destroy it . And Jehovah repented as to the evil , and said to the angel who was destroying among the people , Enough ! Now drop your hand . And the angel of Jehovah was near the threshing-floor of Araunah the Jebusite .
and Pathrusim , and Casluhim , who from whom came the Philistines and Caphtorim .
My bowels have boiled , and not rested ; the days of affliction confront me .
And Chelub the brother of Shuah fathered Mahir ; he was the father of Eshton .
For Jehovah takes pleasure in His people ; He beautifies the meek with salvation .
You have wearied Jehovah with your words . Yet you say , In what have we wearied Him ? When you say , Every evildoer is good in the eyes of Jehovah , and He delights in them ; or , Where is the God of justice ?
And immediately the little girl rose up and walked . For she was twelve years old . And they were amazed with great amazement .
So that you no more are a slave , but a son , and if a son , also an heir of God through Christ .
And the sons of Israel said to Jehovah , We have sinned . Do to us whatever may be good in Your eyes ; only please deliver us his day .
Blow a ram's horn in Zion , sanctify a fast , call a solemn assembly .
And seven sons and three daughters were born to him .
Miamin , Maadiah , Bilgah ,

But the wicked , if he will turn from all his sins which he has done , and keep all My statutes , and do justice and righteousness , surely he shall live ; he shall not die .
No one is able to serve two lords ; for either he will hate the one , and he will love the other ; or he will cleave to the one , and he will despise the other . You are not able to serve God and wealth .
In the four corners of the court were enclosed courts forty cubits long and thirty wide , one measure to the four of them , being made in corners .

For truly he received the entreating , but being more earnest , he went out to you of his own accord .
Then be glad , sons of Zion , and rejoice in Jehovah your God . For He has given to you the early rain according to righteousness , and He will cause the rain to come down for you , the early rain and the latter rain in the first month .
And they went after them to the Jordan . And , behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels that the Syrians had thrown away in their haste . And the messengers returned and told the king .
And they , having gone , behold , some of the guard coming into the city reported to the chief priests all things that occurred .
Neither should you murmur , as also some of them murmured , and perished by the destroyer .
But seek the kingdom of God and all these things will be added to you .
wishing to be teachers of law , neither understanding what they say , nor about that which they confidently affirm .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
And he listened to them in this matter and tested them for ten days .
For you shall be in covenant with the stones of the field ; and the beasts of the field will be at peace with you .
And He has extended mercy to me before the king and his counselors , and before all the king's mighty leaders . And I was made strong , as the hand of Jehovah my God was on me . And I gathered out of Israel chief men to go up with me .
For then the king of Babylon's army was besieging Jerusalem . And the prophet was shut in the court of the guard , which was in the king of Judah's house .
A third part of you shall die by the plague and shall be consumed by the famine in your midst . And a third part shall fall by the sword all around you . And a third part I will scatter into every wind , and I will draw out a sword after them .
And going forward from there a little , He saw James the son of Zebedee , and his brother John . And they were in the boat mending the nets .
Hurai of the torrents of Gaash , Abiel the Arbathite ,
Watch ! Be wakeful , and pray . For you do not know when the time is .
And now , if you are going to do kindness and truth with my master , tell me . And if not , tell me so that I may turn to the right or to the left .
And you shall know that I am Jehovah . I have heard all your revilings which you have spoken against the mountains of Israel , saying , Desolation ! They are given to us for food !
You may not sacrifice the Passover offering inside any of your gates , which Jehovah your God gives you .
They trembled like a bird from Egypt , and like a dove from the land of Assyria . And I will make them live in their houses , says Jehovah .
Jesus said to her , I am the Resurrection and the Life . The one believing into Me , though he die , he shall live .
While the earth remains , seedtime and harvest , cold and heat , summer and winter , and day and night shall not cease .

from Hezron , the family of the Hezronites ; of Carmi , the family of the Carmites .
And he made the porch of the throne where he judged , the porch of judgment . And it was covered with cedar from floor to floor .
And war occurred in Heaven , Michael and his angels making war against the dragon . And the dragon and his angels made war ,
And Korah , the son of Izhar , the son of Kohath , the son of Levi , took both Dathan and Abiram the sons of Eliab , and On , the son of Peleth , the sons of Reuben ;

Blessed is the one reading , and those hearing the words of this prophecy , and keeping the things having been written ; for the time is near .
in which were all the four-footed animals of the earth , and the wild beasts , and the creeping things , and the birds of the heaven .
And it happened , when David finished speaking these words to Saul , Saul said , Is this your voice , my son David ? And Saul lifted up his voice and wept .
A faithful witness will not lie , but a false witness breathes lies .
And it happened , when the kingdom of Rehoboam was settled , and when he was strong , he forsook the law of Jehovah , and all Israel with him .
And all the sons of Israel went up , even all the people , and came to Bethel , and wept . And they sat there before Jehovah , and fasted on that day until the evening , and caused burnt offerings and peace offerings to ascend before Jehovah .
The labor of the righteous is for life ; the gain of the wicked is for sin .
Your vexers have roared in the middle of Your congregation ; they set up their own signs for signs .
And I will bring the third part through the fire , and I will refine them as silver is refined . And I will try them as gold is tried . They shall call on My name , and I will answer them . I will say , It is My people , and they shall say , Jehovah is my God .
And leaving the nets , they immediately followed Him .
I would have fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of Jehovah in the land of the living .
And the chief priests urgently accused Him of many things . But He answered nothing .
And I fell down before Jehovah the forty days and the forty nights as I had thrown myself down before , for Jehovah had said to destroy you .
Go out of the ark , you and your wife , and your sons and your sons' wives with you .
The mouth of the just flourishes with wisdom , but the perverse tongue shall be cut off .
For narrow is the gate , and constricted is the way that leads away into life , and few are the ones who find it .
And I saw the seven angels who stood before God , and seven trumpets were given to them .
And Hezekiah prayed to Jehovah , saying ,
And the pride of Israel testifies to his face . And they do not return to Jehovah their God , nor seek Him in all this .
And he said to the boy , Now run and find the arrow which I am shooting . The boy ran , and he shot the arrow , causing it to pass over him .
Greater love than this has no one , that anyone should lay down his soul for his friends .
And the mother of the boy said , As Jehovah lives , and your soul lives , I will not leave you . And he rose up and went after her .
I tell the truth in Christ , I do not lie , my conscience bearing witness with me in the Holy Spirit ,
And as to the asses which were lost to you three days ago , do not set your heart on them , for they have been found . And to whom is all the desire of Israel ? Is it not to you and to all the house of your father ?
In the plain of Jordan the king cast them , in the clay ground between Succoth and Zeredathah .
the saying of him who hears the words of God , who sees the vision of the Almighty , fallen down , yet with open eyes :
O wretched man that I am ! Who shall deliver me from the body of this death ?
An angry man stirs up contention , and a furious one abounds in transgression .
" Tell the daughter of Zion , Behold , your King comes to you , meek and mounted on an ass , even a colt , the son of an ass . "
And Pharaoh called for Abram and said , What is this you have done to me ? Why did you not tell me she is your wife ?
I have spread my couch with coverings , with striped cloths of Egyptian linen .
then the priest shall look on the plague . And , behold , if its appearance is deeper than the skin , and a thin shining hair in it , the priest shall pronounce him unclean ; it is a scab , a leprosy on the head or beard .
And they pulled up from Elim and camped by the Sea of Reeds .
The vision of the son of Amoz , which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah , Jotham , Ahaz and Hezekiah , kings of Judah .
And he said to me , For two thousand , three hundred evenings and mornings , then the sanctuary will be vindicated .
Now , then , be wise , O kings ; be taught , O judges of the earth :
Yet the stupid one makes many words ; a man knows not what they shall be ; and what shall be after him , who can tell him ?
Blooming , it shall bloom and exult , even with joy and singing . Lebanon's glory shall be given to it , the honor of Carmel and Sharon ; they shall see the glory of Jehovah , the majesty of our God .
Because I called , and you refused ; I stretch out a hand , and none inclines ,
but also on account of us , to whom it is about to be counted , to the ones believing on Him who has raised our Lord Jesus from the dead ,
answered and said , Blessed be the name of God forever and ever , for wisdom and might are His .
And the mighty ones of the army were Asahel the brother of Joab , Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem ,
Who shall declare his way to his face ? And who repays him for what he has done ?

And Jehovah testified against Israel , and against Judah , by the hand of all His prophets , and every seer , saying , Turn back from your evil ways , and keep My commands , My statutes , according to all the law that I commanded your fathers , and that I sent to you by the hand of My servants the prophets .
Jehovah is my portion , says my soul . On account of this I shall hope to Him .
I despise them ; I will not live always . Let me alone , for my days are vanity .
Because you did not serve Jehovah your God with joyfulness and with gladness of heart for the abundance of all things ,
And they put his weapons in the house of Ashtaroth , and they fastened his body on the wall of Beth-shan .
My heart is pained within me , and the terrors of death have fallen on me .
For everyone asking receives , and the one seeking finds , and to the one knocking , it will be opened .
saying , No , but we will go into the land of Egypt , where we shall see no war or hear the sound of the ram's horn . And we will not hunger for bread , and there we will live .
and now , O Jehovah God , rise to Your rest ; You , and the ark of Your strength ; O Jehovah God , Your priests are clothed with salvation , and Your saints rejoice in goodness ;
And David fled , and escaped , and came to Samuel at Ramah , and told him all that Saul had done to him . And he went , he and Samuel , and they lived in Naioth .
He plucked off the first of its young twigs and brought it into a land of traders . He set it in a city of merchants .
And the sons of Jahdai : Regem , and Jotham , and Geshan , and Pelet , and Ephah , and Shaaph .
when you go , your tracks shall not be narrowed , and when you run , you shall not stumble .

Not so are the wicked , but they are only as chaff which the wind drives about .


Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which I swore to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob because they have not wholly followed Me ;

A soft answer turns away wrath , but a hurtful word stirs up anger .
And I will give you the treasures of darkness , even treasures in secret places , that you may know that I am Jehovah , who calls you by your name , the God of Israel .

And blessed is she believing , because there will be a completion to the things spoken to her from the Lord .
And the Dung Gate was repaired by Malchiah the son of Rechab , the ruler of part of Beth-haccerem . He built it , and set up its doors , its locks , and its bars .
Rehum , Hashabnah , Maaseiah ,
I will thank You with integrity of heart , in my learning the judgments of Your righteousness .
Then he said to him , Come home with me and eat bread .
the mystery having been hidden from the ages and from the generations , but now was revealed to His saints ;

And Abraham rose up from before his dead and spoke to the sons of Heth , saying ,
Throw the scorner out and strife shall go out ; yea , quarrels and shame shall cease .
Then having such hope , we use much boldness .
This is from Jehovah , it is marvelous in our eyes .

Your kingdom is a kingdom to all eternities ; and Your rule in all , generation and generation .
And having turned , I saw seven golden lampstands , and in the midst of the seven lampstands One like the Son of man , having been clothed to the feet , and having been girded with a golden girdle at the breasts .

And they pulled up from Mithcah and camped in Hashmonah .

as it is righteous for me to think this of you all because you have me in your heart , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the gospel , you are all sharers of the grace with me .
And to man He said , Behold , the fear of the Lord , that is wisdom ! And to turn from evil is understanding .
The God who made the world and all things in it , this One being Lord of Heaven and of earth , does not dwell in handmade temples ,
And Ahaziah the king of Judah saw , and he fled the way of the garden house . And Jehu pursued him , and said , Strike him , him also , in the chariot , in the ascent to Gur , that is , Ibleam . And he fled to Megiddo and died there .
And to Obededom were sons : Shemaiah the first-born , Jehozabad the second , Joah the third , and Sacar the fourth , and Nethaneel the fifth ,
And he shall bring near from it his offering , a fire offering to Jehovah , the fat covering the inward parts , and all the fat on the inward parts ,
it was square . They made the breast pocket double ; its length a span and its width a span , doubled .
Blessed be Jehovah your God who delighted in you , to put you on the throne of Israel , because Jehovah loved Israel forever , therefore He made you king , to do judgment and righteousness .
Because He has bowed His ear to me , I will also call in my days .
He loves righteousness and judgment ; the mercy of Jehovah fills the earth .
And Solomon sent to Hiram the king of Tyre , saying , As you dealt with my father David , and sent him cedars to build a house to live in , also
The burden of the valley of vision : What ails you now , that you have gone up to the housetops ?
And these lepers came to the edge of the camp , and came into one tent , and ate and drank , and took up from there silver and gold and garments , and went and hid them . And they returned and went into another tent , and took from there , and went and hid them .
For the land is full of adulterers . For the land mourns because of a curse . The pastures of the wilderness are dried up . And their course is evil , and their might is not right .
In that day Jehovah made great in the sight of all Israel . And they feared him all the days of his life , even as they feared Moses .
Better is a dinner of vegetables where love is , than a stalled ox and hatred with it .
If one destroys him from his place , then it shall deny him , saying I have not seen you !
You seized the watches of my eyes ; I am troubled , and I cannot speak .
And you shall remember that you were a slave in the land of Egypt , and Jehovah your God redeemed you . On account of this I command you this thing today .
And I saw another strong angel coming down out of the heaven , having been clothed with a cloud , and a rainbow on the head ; and his face as the sun , and his feet as pillars of fire .
Truly I say to you , whoever does not receive the kingdom of God like a child , not at all will enter into it .
All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered to you ; rams of Nebaioth shall serve you ; they shall come up for acceptance on My altar ; and I will glorify the house of My glory .
And indeed He gave some to be apostles ; and some prophets ; and some evangelists ; and some pastors and teachers ;
O Jehovah , return , deliver my soul ; save me for Your mercy's sake .
nor are they able to prove that concerning which they now accuse me .
Of the sons of Hebron , Eliel the chief , and his brothers , eighty .
And now , O Jehovah God , establish the word which You have spoken concerning Your servant , and concerning his house , forever . And do as You have spoken .
And over the army of the tribe of the sons of Naphtali was Ahira the son of Enan .
And God came to Balaam , and he said to Him , I have set up seven altars . And I have offered a bullock and a ram on the altar .
Behold , the land of the Chaldeans ! This people did not exist ! Assyria founded it for those who live in the desert . They set up their siege towers ; they stripped its palaces . They made it a ruin .
With Him is wisdom and strength ; He has forethought and understanding .
And if you call on the Father , the One judging according to the work of each one without respect to persons , pass the time of your sojourning in fear ,
And , why have you brought the assembly of Jehovah to this wilderness to die there , we and our animals ?

And He drove the man out . And He lodged the cherubs at the east of the Garden of Eden , and the flaming sword whirling around to guard the way of the Tree of Life .
And her brother and her mother said , Let the girl stay with us , perhaps ten days . Afterwards she may go .
Asaph the head , and Zechariah his second ; Jeiel , and Shemiramoth , and Jehiel , and Mattithiah , and Eliab , and Benaiah , and Obed-edom , and Jeiel , with instruments of harps , and with lyres ; and Asaph was sounding with the cymbals .
And I will put My glory among the nations , and all the nations shall see My judgments which I have done , and My hand that I have laid on them .
And I will be to her a wall of fire all around , and I will be for glory in her midst , declares Jehovah .

And out of the half tribe of Manasseh , Taanach and its open lands , and Gathrimmon and its open lands ; two cities .
And she vowed a vow , and said , O Jehovah of hosts , if You will certainly look upon the affliction of Your handmaid , and shall remember me , and not forget Your handmaid , and shall give to Your maidservant a man-child , then I will give him to Jehovah all the days of his life ; and a razor shall not go up on his head .
But someone will say , You have faith , and I have works . Show me your faith apart from your works , and I will show you my faith out of my works .
And he shall lay his hand on its head and shall slaughter it in front of the tabernacle of the congregation . And the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle its blood all around on the altar .
And Moses said to them , You wait , so that I may hear what Jehovah will command concerning you .
And those who had seized Jesus led Him away to Caiaphas the high priest , where the scribes and the elders were assembled .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
But you are imputers of lies ; you are all worthless healers .
Are the comforts of God small with you , and a word that deals gently with you ?
For He said to Moses , " I will have mercy on whomever I will have mercy , and I will pity whomever I will pity . "
And He has confirmed His words which He spoke against us , and against our judges who judge us , by bringing on us a great evil . For under the whole heavens it has not been done as it has been done to Jerusalem .
And he commanded them , saying , See , you will be an ambush against the city , behind the city . You shall not go very far off from the city , and all of you shall be ready .
Yea , though he lives twice a thousand years , yet he has seen no good . Do not all go to one place ?

And Uzziah was angry , and in his hand was a censer to burn incense ; and when he was angry with the priests , the leprosy rose in his forehead , before the priests , in the house of Jehovah , beside the altar of incense .
And the eyes of Leah were weak , and Rachel was beautiful of form and beautiful of appearance .
But they flattered Him with their mouths , and with their tongues lied to Him .
Blessed be the Lord : day by day He bears burdens for us , the God of our salvation . Selah .

teaching my hands for battle , so that my hands may bend a bow of bronze .
They shall be brought to Babylon , and they shall be there until the day I visit them , says Jehovah . Then I will bring them up and give them back to this place .

Then the king held out the golden scepter to Esther , and rose up and stood before the king ,
then you shall say before Jehovah your God I have consumed the devoted things from the house , and also have given them to the Levite , and to the alien , to the orphan , and to the widow , according to all Your command which You have commanded me . I have not transgressed Your commands , and I have not forgotten .
and laid it in his new tomb , which he had cut out in the rock . And rolling a great stone to the door of the tomb , he departed .
For be knowing this , that every fornicator , or unclean one , or covetous one , who is an idolater , has no inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God .
But why do you look on the twig in your brother's eye , but do not consider the log in your own eye ?
and you did not despise my temptation in my flesh nor disdained it , but you received me as an angel of God , as Christ Jesus .
And he said to him , You know how I have served you and what your livestock has become with me .
And Jehoiada the priest commanded the commanders of the hundreds who were set over the army , and said to them , Bring her out to the outside of the ranks ; and he who comes after her put her to death by the sword . For the priest had said , Do not let her be killed in the house of Jehovah .

And the Philistines heard that the sons of Israel had gathered to Mizpah . And the rulers of the Philistines went up against Israel , and the sons of Israel heard , and were afraid before the Philistines .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
And now , behold , the sons of Ammon and Moab and Mount Seir , whom You did not allow Israel to go against when they came out of the land of Egypt , ( for they turned away from them and did not destroy them )

But you , O man of God , flee these things and pursue righteousness , godliness , faith , love , patience , and meekness .
When you come , bring the cloak which I left in Troas with Carpus , and the books , especially the parchments .
One suffers evil when he is surety for a stranger , but one hating strikers of hands is safe .
However , you shall not number the tribe of Levi , nor shall you count their heads among the sons of Israel .
They are among rebellers against light ; they do not recognize His ways , nor do they stay in His paths .
and Ataroth-shophan , and Jaazer , and Jogbehah ,
This also comes from Jehovah of Hosts , doing wonders in counsel , making sound wisdom great .
to cause those who love me to inherit wealth , and I will fill up their treasuries .
Who is he condemning ? It is Christ who has died , but rather also is raised , who also is at the right hand of God , who also intercedes for us .
How much worse punishment do you think will be thought worthy to receive , the one trampling the Son of God , and having counted common the blood of the covenant in which he was sanctified , and having insulted the Spirit of grace ?
And Moses went out and spoke to the people the words of Jehovah and gathered seventy men of the elders of the people , and caused them to stand around the tabernacle .
And he shall bring his guilt offering to Jehovah : a ram , a perfect one out of the flock , at your evaluation for a guilt offering , to the priest .
And out of the tribe of Asher , Mashal and its open lands ; and Abdon and its open lands ;
who having come , and seeing the grace of God , rejoiced . And he exhorted all with purpose of heart to abide near the Lord .
And it shall be in that day , living waters shall go out from Jerusalem , half of them shall go toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter it shall be .
And after these things , He went out and saw a tax collector named Levi , sitting at the tax office . And He said to him , Follow Me !
And the servant of the man of God rose up early and went out . And , behold , an army was surrounding the city , and horses and chariots . And his young man said to him , Alas , my lord ! What shall we do ?
then both the men who have the dispute shall stand before Jehovah , before the priests and the judges who shall be in those days .
that with one accord and with one mouth you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ .
These things Benaiah the son of Jehoiada did , and had a name among the three mighty ones .
As the days of your coming out from the land of Egypt , I will cause him to see extraordinary things .
And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees , of which she has said , They are my rewards that my lovers have given me . And I will set them for a forest , and the beasts of the field shall eat them .
And they said to the prophet , We beg you , let our plea fall before you ; and pray for us to Jehovah your God , for all this remnant , ( for we are left but a few of many , as your eyes see us ) ,
And deliverers shall go up into the mountain of Zion to judge the mountain of Esau , and the kingdom shall be to Jehovah .
And I will make you pass with your enemies into a land you do not know . For a fire has been kindled in My anger ; it shall burn against you .
Let them praise His name in the dance ; let them sing praise to Him with the timbrel and lyre .
and keep the charge of Jehovah your God , to walk in His ways , to keep statutes , His commands , and His judgments , and His testimonies , as it is written in the law of Moses , so that you may do wisely all that you do , and there wherever you may turn ,
And the port not being fit for wintering , the most gave counsel to set sail from there , if somehow they may be able to pass the winter , arriving at Phoenix , a port of Crete looking toward the southwest and toward the northwest .
The throne had six steps , and the top of the throne was round behind ; and stays were on either side on the place of the seat , and two lions stood beside the stays ;
and their brothers , mighty men , were a hundred and twenty eight . And their overseer was Zabdiel , a son of one of the great men .
which indeed is less than all the seeds , but when it is grown it is greater than the plants , and becomes a tree , so that the birds of the heaven come and roost in its branches .
You shall destroy their fruit from the earth , and their seed from the sons of men .
And you shall make an altar , a place for burning incense ; you shall make it of acacia wood .
But food will not commend us to God . For neither if we eat do we excel , nor if we do not eat are we behind .
And Moses gave to them , even to the sons of Gad and to the sons of Reuben , and to the half-tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph , the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites , and the kingdom of Og king of Bashan the land , by its cities with their borders , even the cities of the land all around .
And David went up from there and stayed in the strongholds at Engedi .
And Jacob sent and called for Rachel and for Leah to come to the field , to his flocks .

and Avvites , and Parah , and Ophrah ,
And we shall bring around to us the ark of our God , for we did not seek Him in the days of Saul .
But Jesus hearing , He said to them , The ones who are strong have no need of a physician , but the ones who are sick .

But save others with fear , snatching them out of the fire , hating even the garment having been stained from the flesh .
And He said to them , Defile the house and fill the courts with the slain . Go forth ! And they went out and killed in the city .
The mouth of alien women is a deep pit ; those despised by Jehovah shall fall there .
And the heads of the fathers of the families of the sons of Gilead , the son of Machir , the son of Manasseh , of the families of the sons of Joseph , came near . And they spoke before Moses , and before the rulers , the heads of the fathers' houses of the sons of Israel .
And David said to the youth who told him , From where are you ? And he said , I am the son of a foreigner , an Amalekite .
Let the redeemed of Jehovah say so , whom He redeemed from the hand of the foe ;
Do you think that I came to give peace in the earth ? No , I say to you , but rather division .

He has crouched ; he has lain down like a lion , and like a lioness ; who shall rouse him up ? Blessed is everyone that blesses you , and cursed is everyone that curses you .
Israel is saved in Jehovah with everlasting salvation . You shall not be ashamed nor disgraced to the forevers of eternity .
And it happened , when they were crossing , Elijah said to Elisha , Ask what I shall do for you before I am taken from you . And Elisha said , Then let there now be a double mouth of your spirit on me .
And going out , Jesus left the temple . And His disciples came to show Him the buildings of the temple .
and blessed be the most high God , who has delivered your enemies into your hand . And he gave him a tithe of all .
Truly I say to you , There are some standing here who in no way will taste of death until they see the Son of man coming in His kingdom .
and Hukok and its open lands ; and Rehob and its open lands .
And the trees said to the fig , You come , reign over us .
And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites , and they fell by their hand . And they lived in their tents , to all the face of the east of Gilead .
Jesus said to her , What is that to Me and to you , woman ? My hour has not yet come .
But My words and My statutes which I commanded My servants the prophets , did they not overtake your fathers ? And they returned and said , As Jehovah of hosts purposes to do to us , according to our ways and according to our deeds , so He has done with us .
As they gather silver , and bronze , and iron , and lead , and tin , into the middle of the furnace , to blow the fire on it to melt it ; so I will gather you in My anger and in My fury . And I will leave you there and melt you .
And the sons of Israel pulled up from Rameses and camped in Succoth .
And He said to the disciples , It is impossible that the offenses should not come , but woe to him by whom they come !
You have broken down all his hedges ; You have brought his strongholds to ruin .

Hear us , my lord . You are a prince among us . Bury your dead in the best of our burying places . Not a man of us will withhold his burying place from you , from burying your dead .
Because of this , if I come , I will recall his works which he does , ranting against us with evil words . And not being satisfied with these , neither does he receive the brothers ; and those intending it he prevents , and thrusts them out from the church .
Your dead ones shall live , my dead body , they shall rise up . Awake and sing , dust dwellers ; for the dew of lights is your dew ; and the earth shall cast out departed spirits .
For she leaves her eggs to the earth , and lets them warm on the dust ;

And answered , If it seems good to the king , let the king and Haman come today to the banquet which I have prepared for him .
And they spoke to the king of Assyria , saying , The nations that you have exiled and have made to live in the cities of Samaria do not know the custom of the God of the land , and He has sent the lions into their midst ; and , behold , they are killing them , since they do not know the custom of the God of the land .
And he blessed him and said , Blessed be Abram of the most high God , possessor of Heaven and earth ;

Then the Jews answered him , We have a law , and according to our Law he ought to die because he made himself Son of God !
And the king of Syria said , Go , go in , and I will send a letter to the king of Israel . And he went and took in his hand ten talents of silver , and six thousand of gold , and ten changes of garments .
And the sons of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years .
I know that Jehovah will maintain the cause of the afflicted , the justice of the poor .
And I spoke to the exiles all the things which Jehovah had shown me .
They cried out to them , Depart ! Unclean ! Depart , depart ! Touch not ! Indeed they fled and reeled . They said among the nations , They will not continue to live there .
Cursed is he who lies with his father's wife , because he uncovers his father's skirt ! And all the people shall say , Amen !
And she put the delicious things and the bread which she had made in the hand of her son Jacob .
And all Israel saw that the king did not listen to them , and the people sent back to the king , saying , What part do we have in David ? Yea , there is no inheritance in the son of Jesse . Each to your tents , O Israel ! Now see to your house , David ! And all Israel went to their tents .
for Moses had given the inheritance of two of the tribes and the half tribe , beyond the Jordan ; and he did not give any inheritance to the Levites among them .

Oh my soul you have said to Jehovah , You are my Lord ; My goodness is nothing apart from You .
And Judah was stricken before Israel , and they each fled to his tent .
And Abiathar told David that Saul had killed the priests of Jehovah .
And I gave Jacob and Esau to Isaac . And I gave Mount Seir to Esau , to possess it . And Jacob and his sons went down to Egypt .
The one partaking of My flesh and drinking of My blood has everlasting life , and I will raise him up at the last day .
And if a woman puts away her husband and marries another , she commits adultery .
And I will visit on her the days of the Baals in which she burned incense to them . Yea , she adorned herself with her nose rings , and her jewels , and she went after her lovers and forgot Me , says Jehovah .
And the sons of the exile performed the Passover on the fourteenth of the first month .
And they said to him , So says Hezekiah , This day is a day of trouble , and reproach , and contempt . For sons have come to the breach and there is no strength to give birth .
And He will say , Where are their gods , the rock in which they sought refuge ?
The wicked in his pride will pursue the poor ; they will be caught in the schemes which they have devised .
And He commanded us to proclaim to the people and to witness solemnly that it is He who has been marked out by God to be Judge of the living and the dead .
And He said , What is the kingdom of God like ? And to what shall I compare it ?
And the report was heard in Pharaoh's house , saying , The brothers of Joseph have come . And it was good in the eyes of Pharaoh and in the eyes of his servants .

And he built houses for himself in the City of David , and prepared a place for the ark of God , and stretched out a tent for it .
And a great windstorm occurred , and the waves beat into the boat so that it was filled already .
O that one might plead for a man with God , as a man pleads for his friend !
And it happened afterward , David struck the Philistines , and humbled them . And David took the Bridle of the Metropolis out of the hand of the Philistines .
But I thought it needful to send to you Epaphroditus , my brother and fellow-worker , and my fellow soldier , and your messenger and minister of my need ,

And the spirit of the Egyptians shall be empty in its midst ; and I will swallow its counsel . And they shall seek to idols , and to the enchanters , and to the mediums , and to the knowing ones .
But answering again , Pilate said to them , What then do you desire I do to him whom you call king of the Jews ?

The ones sinning before all , rebuke , that the rest also may have fear .
Do not desire his delicacies , for it is the bread of lies .
As a lily among thorns , so is My love among the daughters .
the family of the house of Levi apart , and their wives apart ; the family of Shimei apart , and their wives apart ;
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
And said to Achan , My son , I beg you , give glory to Jehovah , the God of Israel , and give thanks to Him , and please tell me what you have done . Do not hide it from me .
From the beginning of the age it was never heard that anyone opened the eyes of one having been born blind .
After this , knowing that all things have now been finished that the Scripture be completed , Jesus said , I thirst .

Their heart is like fat , without feeling ; I delight in Your law .
Reuben , the first-born of Israel , the sons of Reuben : of Hanoch , the family of the Hanochites ; of Pallu , the family of the Palluites ;
But we all with our face having been unveiled , having beheld the glory of the Lord in a mirror , are being changed into the same image from glory to glory , as from the Lord Spirit .
And Isaac expired and died and was gathered to his people , old and satisfied of days . And his sons Esau and Jacob buried him .
Let no one deceive you with empty words , for through these the wrath of God comes on the sons of disobedience .
but she will be kept safe through the childbearing , if they continue in faith and love and holiness , with sensibleness .
I leave peace to you ; My peace I give to you . Not as the world gives I give to you . Let not your heart be troubled , nor let it be timid .
And one running up , and filling a sponge with " vinegar , " and putting it on a reed , " gave Him to drink . " But they said , Leave alone , let us see if Elijah comes to take Him down .
And they shall be Mine , says Jehovah of hosts , for the day that I will make up My treasure . And I will pity them as a man has pity on his son who serves him .
And he made stand the priests over their charges , and made them strong for the service of the house of Jehovah ,
I have surely built a house of loftiness for You , a settled place for You to abide in forever .
And it shall be when you go with us ; yea , it shall be that what good Jehovah shall do to us , we shall do good to you .


By this love has been perfected with us , that we have confidence in the day of judgment , that as He is , we are also in this world .
We love Him because He first loved us .

Then brothers , be looking for men among you receiving testimony , seven men full of the Holy Spirit and wisdom , whom we shall appoint over this need .
And they fornicated in Egypt ; in their youth they fornicated . Their breasts were handled , and there their virgin nipples were worked .

And that day they offered great sacrifices , and rejoiced . For God had made them rejoice with great joy . And the wives , and the children rejoiced so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even at a distance .
And the swine , because it divides the hoof , but does not chew the cud ; it is unclean to you . You shall not eat of their flesh , nor touch their dead body .
For the earnest expectation of the creation eagerly awaits the revelation of the sons of God .
For it has been written , Abraham had two sons , one out of the slave woman and one out of the free woman .
And in your Law it has been written that the witness of two men is true .
so that they may possess the remnant of Edom , and all the nations on whom My name is called , declares Jehovah who is doing this .
those numbered of them for the tribe of Ephraim were forty thousand and five hundred .

and they removed the burnt offering , to distribute them by the divisions of the house of the fathers of the sons of the people , to offer to Jehovah , as it is written in the book of Moses , and so to the oxen .
And they buried him in his grave in the garden of Uzza . And his son Josiah reigned in his place .
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit , brothers . Amen .
And they were gathered to Mizpah , and drew water , and poured out before Jehovah . And they fasted on that day , and said there , We have sinned against Jehovah . And Samuel judged the sons of Israel in Mizpah .
But Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , left some of the poor people , who had not a thing to themselves , in the land of Judah . And he gave to them vineyards and fields on that day .
But the one doubting , if he eats , he has been condemned , because it is not of faith ; and whatever is not of faith is sin .
And evening coming , when the sun set , they brought to Him all those having illness and those having been demon-possessed .

of the sons of Joseph ; of Ephraim , Elishama the son of Ammihud ; of Manasseh , Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur ;
And they took their daughters to themselves for wives , and gave their daughters to their sons , and they served their gods .
And He came to Bethsaida . And they carried a blind one to Him , and begged Him that He would touch him .
And David the son of Jesse had reigned over all Israel ;
And Isaac was terrified with a very great anxiety . And he said , Who then was the one who hunted game and came to me ; and I ate from it all before you came ; and I blessed him ? Yea , he shall be blessed .
And they each took his fire-pan , and put fire on them , and lay incense on them , and they stood at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , with Moses and Aaron .
And its pillars were toward the outer court . And palm trees were on its pillars from here and from there ; and its stairway had eight steps .
And the house of David was told , saying , Syria is allied with Ephraim , and his heart and the heart of his people shook , as the trees of the forest shake from the wind .
And by these you shall be made unclean ; any who touches their dead body is unclean until the evening .
Have you forgotten the evilness of your fathers , and the evilness of the kings of Judah , and the evilness of his wives , and your own evilness , and the evilness of your wives , which they have done in the land of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem ?
And the lean ears were swallowing the seven good ears . And I spoke to the magicians , but not one is making known the meaning to me .
" This is the covenant which I will covenant to them after those days , says the Lord : Giving My laws on their hearts , and I will write them on their minds ; "
And John's disciples , and those of the Pharisees , were fasting . And they came and said to Him , Why do John's disciples and those of the Pharisees fast , but your disciples do not fast ?
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And the priest shall atone for the soul that errs when he sins through error , before Jehovah , to atone for him . And he shall be forgiven ,
Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah was in Issachar ;
And he heard the words of the sons of Laban , saying , Jacob has taken away all that was to our father , and from that which was to our father he has gotten all this wealth .
In my first defense no one was beside me , but all deserted me . May it not be reckoned to them .
So says Jehovah to the sons of Ammon : Has Israel no sons ? Or has he no heir ? Why does their king inherit Gad , and his people dwell in its cities ?
And the sons of Eli were sons of worthlessness ; they did not know Jehovah .
For He delivers you from the fowler's trap , from destruction's plague .

And it shall be in that day , declares the Lord Jehovah , that I will cause the sun to go down at noon , and I will darken the earth in light of the day .
Then assuredly , let all the house of Israel acknowledge that God made Him both Lord and Christ , this same Jesus whom you crucified .
And he led me out to the outer court . And he made me pass by the four corners of the court . And , behold , a court in each corner of the court , a court in each corner of the court .
But the chief of the executioners left of the poorest of the land for vinedressers and farmers .
He seals up the hand of every man , so that all men may know His work .
And it happened as they came in , as David returned from striking the Philistine , the women came out from all the cities of Israel to sing with the dancers , to meet Saul the king with tambourines and with joy and three-stringed instruments .
And David said , As Jehovah lives , except Jehovah strike him , or his day shall come and he dies , or he goes down and is devoured in battle ,
His lightnings lit up the world ; the earth saw and trembled .
And He dug it , and cleared it of stones , and planted it with the choicest vine , and built a tower in its midst , and also hewed out a wine vat in it . And He waited for it to produce grapes , but it produced rotten grapes .

I will meditate in Your precepts and I will regard Your ways .
And burned the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite , of the family of Ram ; his wrath burned against Job , because he had justified himself rather than God .
And Joab saw that the front of the battle was against him before and behind . And he chose from all the chosen in Israel , and set them in order to meet the Syrians .

Then the soldiers came and broke the legs of the first , and of the other crucified with Him .
So a night shall be for you apart from vision ; and darkness apart from divining . And the sun shall go down on the prophets , and the day shall be dark over them .
The words of the son of Hachaliah . And it happened in the month Chisleu , in the twentieth year , as I was in Shushan the palace ,
Declare among the nations , and make them hear , and lift up a banner . Make them hear , do not hide it ; say , Babylon is captured , Bel is put to shame , Merodach is broken in pieces , her images are put to shame , her idols are broken in pieces .
But when it was time for us to complete the days , going out , we traveled . And they , with all the women and children went with us as far as outside the city . And placing the knees on the shore , we prayed .

All the days of his separation he shall not eat from all that is made of the vine , from pressed grapes , even to the stem .
shall not God search out this ? For He knows the secrets of the heart .
And all were weeping and bewailing her . But He said , Stop weeping . She has not died , but is sleeping .
Israel has sinned , and they also have transgressed My covenant which I commanded them , and have also taken of the cursed things , and have also stolen , and also deceived , and also put it among their stuff .
How are the mighty fallen , and the weapons of war perished !
Watch that there not be one robbing you through philosophy and empty deceit , according to the tradition of men , according to the elements of the world , and not according to Christ .
but in the eighteenth year of king Josiah , this Passover was prepared to Jehovah in Jerusalem .
And he stationed all of the people , and each had his weapon in his hand , from the right side of the house to the left side of the house , at the altar , and by the king at the house all around .
By the four sides he measured it . It had a wall all around , five hundred reeds long , and five hundred wide , to separate between the holy and the common .
Remember ; do not forget how you made Jehovah your God angry in the wilderness ; even from the day that you came out of the land of Egypt until you came into this place you have been rebellious against Jehovah .
And he called Johanan , the son of Kareah , and all the army commanders with him , and all the people , from the least even to the greatest .
He who dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall abide in the shade of the Almighty .

For from the top of the rocks I see him , and I behold him from the heights . Behold , it is a people that shall dwell alone and not be reckoned among the nations .
If your brother has become poor and has sold his possessions then his kinsman redeemer shall come , and he shall redeem the thing his brother sold .
a voice of crying from Horonaim , plundering and great ruin !
I speak to him mouth to mouth , and by an appearance , and not in riddles ; and he carefully looks upon the form of Jehovah . So why have you not been afraid to speak against My servant , against Moses ?
Behold , they are as stubble ; the fire burns them ; they shall not save their soul from the flame's hand ; there is no coal to warm them ; nor fire , to sit before it .
And the goat shall bear on him all their iniquities to a land cut off . And he shall send the goat away into the wilderness .
And I stood over him and killed him , for I knew that he could not live after his falling . And I took the crown on his head , and the bracelet on his arm , and I brought them to my lord here .
And on a set day , having been clothed in a regal garment , and sitting on the tribunal , Herod made a speech to them .
And Absalom said to Ahithophel , Give your counsel , what we shall do .
So that , my beloved brothers , let every man be swift to hear , slow to speak , slow to wrath .
Her foes have become as chief ; her haters are at ease . For Jehovah has afflicted her for the multitude of her trespasses . Her children have gone , captive before the foe .
Unless Jehovah had been my help , my soul would almost have dwelt in silence .
And passing along early , they saw the fig tree withered from the roots .

And when these things were fulfilled , passing through Macedonia and Achaia , Paul purposed in the Spirit to go to Jerusalem , saying , After I have come there , I must also see Rome .

You have not bought calamus for Me with silver , nor have you filled Me with fat of your sacrifices ; but you made Me serve by your sins ; you wearied Me by your iniquities .
And He said to them , The kings of the nations lord it over them , and those exercising authority over them are called benefactors .
He stretched out the north over the empty place ; and He hung the earth on nothing .
And you shall keep the Sabbath , for it is holy for you ; the profaners of it surely shall be put to death ; for everyone doing work in it , that soul shall be cut off from the midst of his people .
And the king said to him , Go in peace . And he rose up and went to Hebron .
After these things the word of Jehovah came to Abram in a vision , saying , Do not fear , Abram ; I am your shield , your reward will increase greatly .
The sons of Kohath were Amram , Izhar , Hebron , and Uzziel , four .
Of the sons of Uzziel , Michah . Of the sons of Michah , Shamir .
Then if the whole church comes together , and all speak in languages , and uninstructed ones or unbelievers come in , will they not say that you rave ?
And you shall take no ransom for him to flee to the city of his refuge , to return to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
And the soul that does anything with a high hand , whether of a homeborn or of the alien , the same blasphemes Jehovah . And that person shall be cut off from the midst of his people .

Yes , he wept and pleaded to Him , and he contended with the Angel and overcame . He found us at Bethel , and He spoke with us there ,
The law of Your mouth is better to me than thousands of gold and silver .
And he said to him , So says Jehovah , Because you have sent messengers to ask of Baal-zebub the god of Ekron , is it because there is not a God in Israel to inquire of His word ? Therefore , you shall not come down from the bed on which you have gone up , for you shall certainly die .
The words of a man's mouth are like deep waters , the fountain of wisdom like a flowing stream .
For David did that which is right in the eyes of Jehovah , and did not turn aside from all that He commanded him all the days of his life , except in the matter of Uriah the Hittite .
And out of the tribe of Reuben , Bezer and its open lands , and Jahazah and its open lands ,
And they hired thirty two thousand chariots to themselves , and the king of Maachah and his people . And they came in and pitched before Medeba ; and the Ammonites had gathered out of their cities and had come to the battle .
And Noah fathered three sons , Shem , Ham , and Japheth .
And we know that the Son of God has come , and He has given to us an understanding that we may know the true One , and we are in the true One , in His Son Jesus Christ . This is the true God and the life everlasting .
Who can count Jacob's dust , and the number of the fourth part of Israel ? Let me die the death of the righteous , and let my last end be like his !
And Paul gathering a bunch of sticks , and putting them on the fire , a snake coming out from the heat fastened on his hand .
And this whole land shall be a waste and a horror ; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years .
And passed on , and all Israel with him , from Libnah to Lachish . And they camped against it , and fought against it .
Ahaziah was a son of forty two years when he began to reign , and he reigned one year in Jerusalem ; and the name of his mother was Athaliah the daughter of Omri .
I have pursued my enemies and have overtaken them ; nor did I turn till they were consumed .
And the man , the lord of the land , said to us , By this I shall know that you are honest ; leave your one brother with me , and take and go for the famine of your houses .
And a certain one of the Pharisees asked Him that He eat with him . And going into the Pharisee's house , He reclined .
Then the Jews did not believe concerning him , that he was blind and received sight , until they called the parents of him having received sight .
These shall stand on Mount Gerizim to bless the people when you have crossed over the Jordan : Simeon , and Levi , and Judah , and Issachar , and Joseph , and Benjamin .
and the cares of this age , and the deceitfulness of riches , and the lusts about other things entering in , they choke the Word , and it becomes unfruitful .

So says the Lord Jehovah , Woe to the foolish prophets who walk after their own spirit and have seen nothing !
of Asher , Pagiel the son of Ocran ;
The curse of Jehovah is in the house of the wicked , but He blesses the abode of the just .
in these last days He spoke to us in the Son , whom He appointed heir of all ; through whom He indeed made the ages ;
All numbered of the Levites , whom Moses and Aaron numbered at the mouth of Jehovah , by their families , all the males from a son of a month and upward were twenty two thousand .

And the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah and made him king instead of his father in Jerusalem .
Amon was a son of twenty two years when he began to reign , and he reigned two years in Jerusalem ; and the name of his mother was Meshullemeth the daughter of Haruz of Jotbah .
which was a parable for the present time , according to which both gifts and sacrifices are offered , but as regards conscience , not being able to perfect the one serving ,
For the time of life having passed is sufficient for us to have worked out the will of the nations , having gone on in wantonness , lusts , drunkenness , parties , carousings , and unlawful idolatries ;
And Lamech took two wives to himself : the name of the first was Adah ; and the name of the second was Zillah .
The righteous attends to the cause of the weak ; the wicked does not discern knowledge .
For only Og the king of Bashan remained of the rest of the giants . Behold , his bedstead was a bedstead of iron ; is it not in Rabbath of the sons of Ammon , nine cubits long and four cubits broad , by the cubit of a man ?
So that if anyone is in Christ , that one is a new creation ; the old things have passed away ; behold , all things have become new !
but we do see Jesus crowned with glory and honor , who on account of the suffering of death was made a little less than the angels , so that by the grace of God He might taste of death for every son .
and Jeuz , and Shachia , and Mirma . These were his sons , heads of the fathers .
For concerning you , my brothers , it was shown to me by those of Chloe that there are strifes among you .
Their measuring line has gone out through all the earth , and their words to the end of the world ; in them He has set up a dwelling-place for the sun ,
Then entering the province , after three days Festus went up to Jerusalem from Caesarea .
Because this is the message which you heard from the beginning , that we should love one another ,

And he said , What did they see in your house ? And Hezekiah said , They saw all that is in my house ; there was not a thing that I did not show them among my treasures .
And He was casting out a demon , and it was dumb . And it happened as the demon was going out , the dumb one spoke . And the crowds marveled .

And they went up over the breadth of the land and encircled the camp of the saints , and the beloved city . And fire from God came down out of Heaven and burned them down .
And Moses did as Jehovah had commanded him ; so he did .
Deliver yourself like a gazelle from a hand of a hunter , and as a bird from the fowler's hand .
And he did not know him , because his hands were like the hairy hands of his brother Esau . And he blessed him .
And Pharaoh will say as to the sons of Israel , They are entangled in the land , the wilderness has shut them in ,
And Maaseiah , and Shemaiah , and Eleazar , and Uzzi , and Jehohanan , and Malchijah , and Elam , and Ezer ; and the singers sang aloud with Jezrahiah as their overseer .
Would He plead against me with greatness of strength ? No , surely He would put it in me .
And said to them , Do not fear nor be afraid . Be strong and brave , for so Jehovah shall do to all your enemies with whom you are fighting .
He says to Cyrus , You are My shepherd ; and he shall fulfill all My will , even to say to Jerusalem , You shall be built ; and to the temple , You shall be set up .
And out of the ground Jehovah God made to spring up every tree that is pleasant to the sight , and good for food . The Tree of Life was also in the middle of the garden ; also the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil .
but to those even disobeying the truth , out of self interest , and obeying unrighteousness , will be anger and wrath ,
And the king of Israel went , and the king of Judah , and the king of Edom . And they made a circuit of seven days' journey . And there was no water for the army , and for the livestock that were at their feet .
And Abishai the brother of Joab , he was the chief of the three . And he lifted up his spear against three hundred , and killed , and had a name among the three .
And Noah went in , and his sons , and his wife , and his sons' wives with him into the ark , because of the waters of the flood .
But they rebelled , and provoked His Holy Spirit , so He was turned to be their enemy ; He fought against them .
She called to the men of her house and spoke to them , saying , Behold ! He has brought to us a Hebrew man to mock at us . He came into me to lie with me , and I cried with a loud voice .
And now , O Lord Jehovah , You are God , and Your words are truth , and You speak this goodness to Your servant .
Walk around Zion ; yea , go all around it ; count its towers ;
And he much urged them , and they turned into him and came into his house . And he made a feast for them . And he baked unleavened cakes , and they ate .

And about three hours afterwards , his wife also entered , not knowing that happening .
Being warned by God about the things not yet having been seen , moved with fear , by faith Noah prepared an ark for the salvation of his house ; through which he condemned the world and became heir of the righteousness according to faith .
All our enemies have opened their mouths against us .
And sitting down opposite the treasury , Jesus watched how the crowd threw copper coins into the treasury . And many rich ones threw in much .
And Jesus was walking in the temple , in Solomon's Porch .
And they said , You have not oppressed us , and you have not abused us , and you have not taken from the hand of any man .
And he caused to cease the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun , at the entrance of the house of Jehovah , by the room of Nathan-melech the eunuch , that was in the suburbs . And he burned with fire the chariots of the sun .
And the Chaldeans burned the king's house and the house of the people with fire . And they broke down the walls of Jerusalem .
For I was afraid because of the anger and the fury with which Jehovah had been angry against you , to destroy you . And Jehovah listened to me at this time also .
Yea , I will cause men to walk on you , My people Israel ; and they shall possess you , and you will be an inheritance to them and will not any more increase their bereavement .
And of the Levites , Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of God , and to the treasures of the dedicated things .
O dweller of Aroer , stand by the way and watch . Ask him who flees and her who escapes ; say , What has happened ?
that I will not take from all that is yours , from a thread to a shoe latchet , and that you may not say , I have made Abram rich .
And walking beside the sea of Galilee , Jesus saw two brothers , Simon called Peter and his brother Andrew casting a net into the sea ; for they were fishers .
Only , the people were sacrificing in high places , for a house for the name of Jehovah had not been built until those days .
And another angel followed , saying , The great city , Babylon , has fallen , has fallen ; because of the wine of the anger of her fornication , she made all nations to drink .
And when the king of Moab saw that the battle was too strong for him , then he took with him seven hundred men who drew swords to break through to the king of Edom . And they were not able .
And the thing was known to Mordecai , who told it to the queen . And told the king in the name of Mordecai .
But Peter said , There is no silver and gold to me , but what I have , this I give to you : In the name of Jesus Christ the Nazaraean , rise up and walk !
And Samson grasped the two middle pillars on which the house rested , and on which it was supported ; one with his right hand , and one with his left .
They give glory to Jehovah and declare His praise in the coastlands .
Be strong and courageous ; do not be afraid nor be cast down before the face of the king of Assyria , and before the face of all the multitude with him , for with us are more than with him .
And now do not be grieved , and let no anger be in your eyes because you sold me here for God sent me before you to save life .
And tearing his garments , the high priest said , Why do we still have need of witnesses ?
And Jehovah said to Moses , Say to Aaron , Take your staff , and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt , over the rivers over their canals , and over their pools , and over every body of their waters , so that they may become blood . And blood shall be in all the land of Egypt , both in wooden and in stone vessels .

Behold , I will bring health and healing to it , and I will heal them and will show them the abundance of peace and truth .
I have hidden Your word in my heart , that I might not sin against You .
But now being set free from sin , and being enslaved to God , you have your fruit unto sanctification , and the end everlasting life .
And he brought the second ram , a ram of the consecrations , and Aaron and his sons lay their hands on the head of the ram .
And the beast was seized , and with this one the false prophet doing signs before it , by which he led astray those having received the mark of the beast , and those worshiping its image . The two were thrown alive into the Lake of Fire burning with brimstone .

And the sons of Ammon came out and set the battle in order at the opening of the gate . And the Syrians of Zobah , and Rehob , and the men of Tob , and Maacah were by themselves in the field .
but if he is too poor for your evaluation , then he shall be made to stand before the priest , and the priest shall value him ; the priest shall value him according to the reach of him who vowed .

And they pulled up from Etham and turned back to Pihahiroth , which is before Baal-zephon ; and they camped before Migdol .
and two chains of pure gold , you shall make them woven work , a work of cord ; and you shall put chains of the cords on the plaited work .
Gomer and all his bands ; the house of Togarmah from the recesses of the north , and all his bands ; many peoples are with you .
so that my soul chooses strangling and death rather than my bones .
And the Angel of Jehovah put forth the end of the staff in His hand and touched the flesh and the unleavened bread . And the fire rose up out of the rock and burned up the flesh and the unleavened bread . And the Angel of Jehovah went out of his sight .
But if a man finds a betrothed girl in the field , and the man seizes her and lies with her ; then only the man that lay with her shall die .

For he had the rule over all on this side of the River , from Tiphsah even to Azzah , over all the kings on this side of the River . And he had peace on all sides from around him .
And we have obeyed the voice of Jonadab , the son of Rechab our father , to all that he commanded us , to drink no wine all our days , we , our wives , our sons , and our daughters ,
And the word of Jehovah came to him , saying ,
if it does evil in My eye , not to obey My voice , then I will repent of the good which I had said to do good to it .
And they commanded the people , saying , When you see the ark of the covenant of Jehovah your God , and the priests , and the Levites bearing it , then you shall move from your place and shall go after it .
But if the wicked turns from his wickedness , and does justice and righteousness , he shall live by them .
Put no faith in a companion ; put no trust in a friend ; keep the door of your mouth from her who lies in your bosom ;
You have made a wide place under me for my steps , so that my ankles have not slipped .
And you shall cast four rings of gold for it , and shall put it on its four feet ; two rings on the one side , and two rings on the second side .
Surely the rulers of Zoan are fools ; the advice of Pharaoh's wise counselors has become stupid . How can you say to Pharaoh , I am the son of wise ones , the son of kings of old ?
And many believed into Him there .
So says the Lord Jehovah : In the day I cleanse you from all your iniquities , I will cause the cities to be inhabited , and the wastes shall be built .
And Jehovah will pass through to strike Egypt . And He will see the blood on the upper doorpost and on the two side doorposts , and Jehovah will pass over the door . And He will not allow the destroyer to come into your houses to strike you .

so says Jehovah of Hosts , Behold , I am sending on them the sword , the famine , and the plague , and will make them like worthless figs which cannot be eaten from badness .
And he sent Judah before him to Joseph , to give directions before him to Goshen ; and they came into the land of Goshen .

Ruin , ruin , ruin ! I will appoint it ! Also this shall not be until the coming of Him to whom is the right , and I will give it .
In the year of jubilee you shall return each one to his possession .
And the people rejoiced because of their willing offering , for they offered willingly to Jehovah with a perfect heart ; and David the king also rejoiced with great joy .
Yea , let no one who waits on You be ashamed ; let those who vainly sin be ashamed .
And I looked , and , behold , the four wheels were beside the cherubs : one wheel beside one cherub , one wheel beside one cherub . And the look of the wheels was like the color of a stone of Tarshish .
And Delilah took new ropes and bound him with them , and said to him , Samson , the Philistines are upon you ! And the ambush was sitting in the inner room . And he tore them off his arms like thread .
For the law being powerless , in that it was weak through the flesh , God sending His own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh , and concerning sin , condemned sin in the flesh ,

You have heard that it was said to the ancients : " Do not commit murder ! " And , Whoever commits murder shall be liable to the Judgment .
Oh the happiness of your men ! Oh the happiness of your servants , these who stand before you continually , who hear your wisdom !
We will break their bands in two , and throw off their cords from us .
and having shod the feet with the preparation of the " gospel of peace . "
And my word and my preaching was not in moving words of human wisdom , but in proof of the Spirit and of power ,
Now , my son , may Jehovah be with you , and may you prosper and build the house of Jehovah your God , as He spoke concerning you .
Greet Herodion , my kinsman . Greet those of Narcissus , those being in the Lord .
And Jehovah did this thing on the next day , and all the livestock of Egypt died . And from the livestock of the sons of Israel , not one died .

And the Holy Spirit witnesses to us also . For after having said before ,
The sons of Bebai , six hundred and twenty three .
And they will do these things to you because they do not know the Father nor Me .
And Mesha the king of Moab was a sheepmaster . And he paid a hundred thousand lambs to the king of Israel and a hundred thousand rams with wool .
And Esau said to Jacob , Please let me eat of the red , this red soup , for I am faint . On account of this his name is called Edom .
when the dust is melted into hardness , and the clods cling fast together ?
From the rising of the sun to its going , Jehovah's name is to be praised .
And this shall be the plague with which Jehovah will strike all the peoples who have fought against Jerusalem : Their flesh shall rot while they stand on their feet , and their eyes will rest in their sockets , and their tongues shall rot in their mouths .
According to all these words , and according to all this vision , so Nathan spoke to David .
Command the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , My offering , My bread for My fire offerings , My soothing fragrance , you shall take heed to offer to Me in its appointed season .
Do you not believe that I am in the Father and the Father is in Me ? The words which I speak to you I do not speak from Myself , but the Father who abides in Me , He does the works .
And Hiram the king of Tyre sent messengers to David , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build a house for him .
For , brothers , we do not want you to be ignorant as to our affliction having happened to us in Asia , that we were excessively pressed down beyond our power , so as for us even to despair of living .
They shall not do evil , nor destroy in all My holy mountain . For the earth shall be full of the knowledge of Jehovah , as the waters cover the sea .
And Jehovah said to me , The prophets prophesy lies in My name . I did not send them and I have not commanded them , nor did I speak to them . They prophesy to you a false vision , and a worthless divination , and the deceit of their heart .
And whoever touches those things shall be unclean , and shall wash his clothes and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
And His disciples remembered that it was written , " The zeal of Your house has consumed Me . "
and Aijalon and its open lands ; and Gathrimmon and its open lands .
And Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob , and had sent him away to Padan-aram to take a wife for himself from there . In his blessing he had commanded him , saying , You shall not take a wife from the daughters of Canaan ;
Every Scripture is God-breathed and profitable for doctrine , for reproof , for correction , for instruction in righteousness ,
you shall surely strike those who live in that city by the mouth of the sword , destroying it completely , and all that is in it , and its livestock , with the mouth of the sword .
There is no darkness nor shadow of death , to hide there those who work iniquity .
And these were the names of the sons of Israel who came into Egypt with Jacob ; they each one came in with his house :
and you shall anoint Jehu the son of Nimshi as king over Israel ; and you shall anoint Elisha the son of Shaphat , of Abel-meholah , as prophet in your place .
For you acted in secret , but I will do this thing before all Israel and before the sun .
And Saul said , You are blessed of Jehovah , for you have had pity on me .
And He delivered righteous Lot , who had been oppressed by the behavior of the lawless in lustfulness .
And He looked around to see the one who had done this .
Yea , He loads the cloud with moisture ; He scatters His lightning cloud ;
And she said to them , So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , Tell the man that sent you to me ,
Declare this in the house of Jacob and cry it in Judah , saying ,
You have heard my voice ; do not hide Your ear at my relief , at my cry for help .
You have called my terrors all around , as in a day of appointment ; and there was not an escaped one or a survivor in the day of the anger of Jehovah . Those whom I have nursed and multiplied , my enemy has consumed .
Also by faith Sarah herself received power for conceiving seed even beyond the time of age , and gave birth ; since she deemed the One having promised to be faithful .
and the Arvadite and the Zemarite , and the Hamathite . And afterward the families of the Canaanites were dispersed .

And you shall have an instrument on your staff . And it shall be , as you sit outside , you shall dig with it , and shall turn back , and shall cover that which comes from you .
At that time Ahijah the son of Jeroboam was sick .
Do not hide Your face from me in the day of my trouble ; bow down Your ear to me in the day I call ; answer me quickly .
And it happened , in the days of Ahasuerus ( he is Ahasuerus who reigned from India even to Ethiopia , over a hundred and twenty seven provinces )
And the wall of the city had twelve foundations , and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb .
Exalt Jehovah our God and worship at His holy hill ; for Jehovah our God is holy .
Cry out and howl , son of man . For it shall be on My people . It shall be on all the rulers of Israel ; they are thrown to the sword with My people , so slap your thigh ,
You shall do your work six days , and on the seventh day you shall rest , so that your ox and your ass may rest , and the son of your slave-girl and your alien may be refreshed .
And the people refused to listen to the voice of Samuel , and said , No , but a king shall be over us .
And I will turn you back and put hooks into your jaws . And I will bring you and all your army out : horses and horsemen , all of them clothed most perfectly ; a great assembly with buckler and shield , all of them swordsmen .

Let them praise the name of Jehovah ; for His name alone is exalted ; His glory is above the earth and heavens .
And both horsemen and chariots went up with him ; and the company was very great .
And they were gathered to Jerusalem in the third month of the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa .
And crucifying Him , they divided His garments , casting a lot on them , who and what each should take .
And the king of Babylon slaughtered the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes at Riblah . Also the king of Babylon slaughtered all the rulers of Judah .
For Jehovah is knowing the way of the righteous , and the way of the wicked shall perish .

Would you speak unrighteously for God and speak deceitfully for Him ?
by so much Jesus has become Surety of a better covenant .
And now , know and consider what you should do ; for evil has been determined against our lord , and on all his house . And he is a son of worthlessness , no one can speak to him .
You shall take heed to do every commandment which I am commanding you today , so that you may live and may multiply and may go in and possess the land which Jehovah has sworn to your fathers .
Did you not ask those who go along the highway ; and do you not know their signs ?

having faith and a good conscience , which some having thrust away , made shipwreck concerning the faith ,


Because there was to you never-ending enmity , and you poured out the sons of Israel to the hands of the sword in the time of their calamity , in the time of the iniquity of the end .
And I will shatter the shepherd and his flock with you . And I will shatter the farmer and his team with you , and with you I will shatter heads and rulers .

And if the scab has spread further in the skin after his cleansing ,
My lord the king , these men have done evil in all that they have done to the prophet , whom they have thrown into the pit . And he has died in his place because of the famine , for there is no more food in the city .
And Jehovah said to him , I have heard your prayer and your supplication with which you have made supplication before Me ; I have sanctified this house that you have built to put My name there forever ; and My eyes and My heart shall be there forever .
But Zelophehad the son of Hepher , the son of Gilead , the son of Machir , the son of Manasseh , had no sons , but daughters . And these were the names of his daughters : Mahlah , and Noah , Hoglah , Milcah , and Tirzah .
And a great multitude of people were following Him , and of women who also were bewailing and lamenting Him .
And David was clothed with a robe of fine linen , and all the Levites that carried the ark , and the singers , and Chenaniah , the master of the song with the singers . David also had an ephod of linen on him .
Do not put your handmaid down for a daughter of wickedness ; for from the abundance of my complaint and vexation until now I have been speaking .
And he shall burn as incense the fat of the sin offering on the altar .
And they coming to the crowd , a man came near to Him , kneeling down to Him , and saying ,
And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where He had spoken with him , a pillar of stone . And he poured out a drink offering on it ; and he poured oil on it .
Artaxerxes , king of kings , to the priest , a scribe of the law of the God of Heaven , perfect peace , and now :
I walk in the path of righteousness , in the midst of the paths of justice ;
his master shall bring him to God , and one shall bring him to the door , or to the doorpost ; and his master shall pierce his ear with an awl , and he shall serve him forever .
the bronze altar and bronze grating which was to it , its poles and all its vessels , the laver and its base ,
Do not remember former things , nor consider the things of old .
and begins to beat his fellow servants , and to eat and to drink with the ones drinking ,
For what does the Scripture say ? " And Abraham believed God , and it was counted to him for righteousness . "
How beautiful and how pleasant you are in delights , O love !
And it happened when all Israel heard that Jeroboam had returned , that they sent and called him to the company , and caused him to reign over all Israel ; none followed after the house of David except the tribe of Judah only .
And you also rejoice in the same and rejoice with me .
As a ring of gold , and an ornament of fine gold , so is a wise reprover on a hearing ear .

this is the copy of the letter which they sent to him , to Artaxerxes the king : Your servants , the men of the province Beyond the River , and now ,
But these vinedressers said to themselves , This is the heir ; come , let us kill him and the inheritance will be ours .
And Jacob sacrificed a sacrifice on the mountain , and called his brothers to eat bread . And they ate bread and stayed on the mountain .
What then was your blessedness ? For I testify to you that if you were able , plucking out your eyes , you would have given them to me .

And by the border of Ephraim , from the east side even to the west side , Reuben , one part .
And Your prey shall be gathered as the stripping locust gathers ; as locusts run to and fro , he also runs about on it .
And the lamp of God had not yet gone out . And Samuel was lying down in the temple of Jehovah , where the ark of God rested .
And he raised up the court all around the tabernacle and the altar . And he gave the screen of the opening of the court . And Moses finished the work .
And it happened when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban , brother to his mother , and the sheep of Laban , his mother's brother , Jacob came near and rolled the stone from the mouth of the well and watered the sheep of Laban , his mother's brother .

for the nations to be joint-heirs , and a joint-body and joint-sharers of His promise in Christ through the gospel ,
And Zebah and Zalmunna fled ; and he chased them and captured the two kings of Midian , Zebah and Zalmunna . And he caused all the army to tremble .
I hurried and delayed not to keep Your commands .
Be mindful of the prisoners , as having been bound with them ; of those ill-treated , as also being in the body yourselves .
But each in his own order : Christ , the firstfruit , afterward those of Christ at His coming .
And they cut a covenant , both of them , before Jehovah . And David stayed in the forest , and Jonathan went to his house .
always learning , but never being able to come to a full knowledge of the truth .
he shall perish forever like his dung ; they who see him shall say , Where is he ?
In being slow to anger , a ruler is persuaded ; and a soft tongue shatters the bone .

The length of the court shall be a hundred by the cubit , and the width fifty by fifty , and the height five cubits , twined linen ; and heir sockets bronze .
let my wife grind to another , and let others crouch over her .
And then they will see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and much glory .
All these were joined together to the valley of Siddim , which is the Salt Sea .
And watching her , the man kept silent in order to know if Jehovah had prospered his way , or not .
The appearance of the wheels and their workmanship was like the color of beryl ; and the one likeness was to the four of them . And their appearance and their workmanship was like the wheel in the middle of the wheel .
The runners , riders on stallions , mules , went out , being hurried and pressed on by the king's command . And the order was given at Shushan the palace .
And you shall offer one he-goat for a sin offering , and two lambs , sons of a year , for a sacrifice of peace offerings .
And he said , Therefore , hear the word of Jehovah : I saw Jehovah sitting on His throne , and all the host of Heaven were standing by Him , on His right and on His left .
And some began to spit at Him , and to cover His face , and to beat Him with a fist , and to say to Him , Prophesy ! And the under-officers struck Him with slaps .
And I will spread My net on him , and he shall be taken in My snare . And I will bring him to Babylon , the land of the Chaldeans . Yet he will not see it , and he shall die there .
And it happened when Pharaoh hardened himself against sending us away , Jehovah killed every first-born one in the land of Egypt , from the first-born of men even to the first-born of animals . On account of this I sacrifice to Jehovah every one of the males opening the womb , and I redeem every first-born of my sons .
And they shall bring out all your wives and your sons to the Chaldeans . And you shall not escape out of their hand , but shall be seized by the hand of the king of Babylon . And this city shall be burned with fire .
And He said to all , If anyone desires to come after Me , let him deny himself and take up his cross daily . And let him follow Me .
As a pregnant woman draws near to bear , she writhes and cries out in her pangs . So are we before You , Jehovah .
Then Jesus said to them , My time is not yet here , but your time is always ready .
And in your Seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed because you have obeyed My voice .
But the Law is not of faith , but , " The man doing these things shall live in them . "

And as He was already drawing near to the descent of the Mount of Olives , all the multitude of the disciples began rejoicing , to praise God with a loud voice concerning all the works of power which they saw ,
And Jabez called to the God of Israel , saying , If indeed You would bless me , and make my border larger , and Your hand would be with me , and that You would keep me from evil so that it may not grieve me ! And God gave him what he asked .


In the same day you shall give him his hire ; do not let the sun go down on it . For he is poor , and has lifted up his heart on it ; that he not cry against you to Jehovah , and it be sin against you .
its legs were of iron , its feet were partly of iron and partly of clay .
I beseech You , remember the word that You commanded Your servant Moses , saying , If you sin , I will scatter you among the peoples .
And Saul said to his armorbearer , Draw your sword and thrust it through me , lest come these uncircumcised ones and thrust it through me and abuse me . But his armorbearer would not , for he was greatly afraid . So Saul took the sword and fell on it .

And they struck all the cities around Gerar , for the fear of Jehovah had come on them . And they plundered all the cities , for there was much booty in them .
So says the Lord Jehovah : Because your lewdness was poured out , and your nakedness was bared in your fornications with your lovers and with the idols of your abominations , and by the blood of your sons whom you gave to them ;
For I delight in the law of God according to the inward man ;
Have you gone to the springs of the sea ; or have you walked in searching of the deep ?

And He gave their land as an inheritance , an inheritance to His people Israel .
And I will not have pity for her sons , for they are the sons of harlotries .
And we have heard , and our heart has melted , and there not still rises spirit in any man , because of you . For Jehovah your God , He is God in the heavens above , and in the earth below .
And it happened in the morning ; behold ! She was Leah . And he said to Laban , What have you done to me ? Did I not serve with you for Rachel ? And why have you tricked me ?
Judge the poor and fatherless ; do justice to the afflicted and needy .
therefore , behold ! I , even I will utterly forget you and cast off you and the city that I gave to you and your fathers , away from My face .
And they shall wander from sea to sea , and from the north even to east ; they shall roam about to seek the word of Jehovah , and they shall not find it .

O God , when You marched before Your people , when You walked on through the wilderness . Selah .
Teach me Your way , O Jehovah , and lead me in a level path , because of those who watch me .
For I did not speak from Myself , but He who sent Me , the Father , He has given Me command , what I should say , and what I should speak .
And after this I was looking in the night visions . And , behold , the fourth beast was fearful and terrifying , and very strong ! And to it were great iron teeth . It devoured , and crushed , and stamped what was left with its feet . And it was different from all the beasts before it ; and it had ten horns .
A Song of Ascents . I will lift up my eyes on You , O Dweller in Heaven .
What is the profit to a man in all his labor which he labors under the sun ?

And there were four virgin daughters to this one , who prophesied .
Know well the face of your flock ; set your heart on your herds ,
the lord of that slave will come in a day in which he does not expect and in an hour which he does not know ,
And all those who were around them made their hands strong with vessels of silver , with gold , with property , and with animals , and with precious things , besides all that was willingly offered .
Hamath , Berothah , Sibraim , which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath ; Hazarhatticon , which is by the border of Hauran .
They sent a letter to him , and this was written in it : To Darius the king , all peace .
And he shared out to all the people , to all the multitude of Israel , from man even to woman , to each one cake of bread and one date cake and one raisin cake . And all the people left , each one to his house .
For the man on whom this miracle of healing had occurred was more than forty years of age .
You knew my father David , that he was not able to build a house to the name of Jehovah his God because of the wars that were all around him , until Jehovah had put them under the soles of his feet .
So I went and hid it by Euphrates , as Jehovah commanded me .

And these are the generations of Terah : Terah fathered Abram , Nahor , and Haran . And Haran fathered Lot .
For I shall make the land desolate and a waste , and the pride of her strength shall cease . And the heights of Israel shall be a waste that none will go through .

But I say this by permission , not by command .
Hope in Jehovah ; be strong and He will make strong your heart ; yea , hope in Jehovah !
besides the sabbaths of Jehovah , and besides your gifts , and besides all your vows , and besides all your freewill offerings which you shall give to Jehovah .
And you shall make two rings of gold , and you shall put them on the two ends of the breast pocket , on its edge , inward across from the ephod .
And do not oppress the widow , or the fatherless , the alien , or the poor . And do not devise evil in your heart , of a man against his brother .
And he found a fresh jawbone of an ass , and put out his hand and took it . And he struck a thousand men with it .


When Samuel saw Saul , then Jehovah answered him , Behold , the man of whom I spoke to you . This one shall exercise restraint over My people .
And the two doors were of olive wood . And he carved on them carvings of cherubs , and palm trees , and spread out flowers ; and he overlaid them with gold . And he caused the gold to go down on the cherubs and on the palm trees .
If he shall say so , Good ! Peace shall be for your servant . But if it burns him greatly , know that evil has been determined by him .
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Abidan the son of Gideoni .
But answering , Jesus said , You do not know what you ask . Are you able to drink the cup which I am about to drink , and to be baptized with the baptism with which I am to be baptized ? They said to Him , We are able .
And Isaiah the prophet came in to king Hezekiah and said to him , What did these men say ? And where did they come from to you ? And Hezekiah said , They have come from a land afar off , from Babylon .
And the day came that Elisha crossed over to Shunem . And a great woman was there . And she lay hold on him to eat bread . And it happened , as often as he passed by , he turned aside there to eat bread .
And the elders of that city shall take that man and punish him .
Bring all the tithe into the storehouse , so that there may be food in My house . And test Me now with this , says Jehovah of hosts , whether I will not open the windows of the heavens for you and pour out a blessing until there is no sufficiency .
And he cursed Israel ; and Jonathan , the son of David's brother Shimeah , struck him .
that blessing I will bless you , and multiplying I will multiply your seed as the stars of the heavens , and as the sand which is on the shore of the sea . And your Seed shall possess the gate of His enemies .

I will stand on my guard and set myself on the tower , and watch to see what He will say against me , and what I shall return on my rebuke .
Peace to the brothers , and love with faith , from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ .
You have closed me in behind , and in front , and Your hand is laid on me .
For they were in three stories , and there were no columns to them like the columns of the courts . So the third was made narrower than the lower and middle stories from the ground .
And you shall eat the fruit of your body , the flesh of your sons and your daughters whom Jehovah your God has given to you , in the siege , and in the anguish with which your enemies shall distress you .
And , behold , a hand touched me and set me shaking on my knees and the palms of my hands .
and the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold , and he covered the upper rooms with gold .
And he said to him , Now say to her , Behold , you have trembled with all this care for us . What shall I do for you ? Shall I speak to the king for you , or to the army commander ? And she said , I live among my people .
But to this people there is a revolting and a rebellious heart ; they have turned , and are gone .

For whoever shall do the will of My Father in Heaven , that one is My brother and sister and mother .
The fool shall no more be called noble , and a miser will not be said to be generous .
He rolled on Jehovah , let Him deliver Him ; let Him rescue Him , since He delights in Him .

So then , brothers , seek eagerly to prophesy , and do not forbid to speak in languages .
And they made a calf in those days , and led a sacrifice up to the idol , and made merry in the works of their hands .
Seek Jehovah while He may be found ; call on Him while He is near .
I would hasten to my escape from the rushing wind , from the tempest .

And I also have made you sick , to strike you , making you desolate because of your sins .
The voice of Jehovah shakes the wilderness ; Jehovah shakes the wilderness of Kadesh .

The waters wear away stones ; its outpouring washes the dust of the earth ; and You cause the hope of man to perish .

The simple inherit foolishness , but the wise are crowned with knowledge .

And Jesus said to him , See again ! Your faith has healed you .
And finding a certain Jew named Aquila , of Pontus by race , having recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla , because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome , he came to them .
He was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty nine years in Jerusalem ; and his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem .
Pass over Tarshish ; howl , people of the coast !
Not one of these men of this evil generation shall see the good land which I have sworn to give to your fathers ,
Among all this people were seven hundred chosen men who were impeded in the right hand , each of these able to sling a stone at a hair . And he did not miss !
From me was made a decree that any one of the people of Israel , and their priests and Levites in my kingdom who volunteers to go up to Jerusalem , may go with you ;
Does the wild ass bray over tender grass ? Or does the ox low over his fodder ?
For Jehovah gives wisdom ; out of His mouth are knowledge and understanding .
Your remembered sayings are like ashes ; surely your backs are backs of clay .
And I also have said , I shall not expel them before you , and they shall become adversaries to you ; and their gods shall become a snare to you .
For lo , they lie in wait for my soul , mighty ones gather against me ; not for my transgression , and not my sin , O Jehovah .
But they refused to listen , and gave a stubborn shoulder , and they made their ears heavy from hearing .
And she rose up in the middle of the night and took my son from beside me and laid it in her bosom ; and your handmaid was asleep . And she laid her dead son in my bosom .
to bring back his soul from the Pit , to be illuminated with the light of the living .
And His parents went into Jerusalem year by year at the Feast of the Passover .
So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , You shall say this to the king of Judah who sent you to Me to inquire of Me : Behold , Pharaoh's army , which has come out to help you , shall return to Egypt into their own land .
because I am with you , and no one shall set on you to oppress you ; because there is much people to Me in this city .
Jesus said to them , Come , break fast . And no one of the disciples dared to ask Him , Who are You ? knowing that it is the Lord .
For I satisfy the weary soul , and I have filled every sorrowful soul .
And they said , We will restore , and will ask nothing from them . So we will do as you say . Then I called the priests and took an oath from them that they would do according to this word .
O Israel , your prophets are like foxes in the deserts .
And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok said , Please let me run , and I will bear news to the king . For Jehovah has vindicated him from the hand of his enemies .


You shall fall on the face of the field , for I have spoken , declares the Lord Jehovah .
for which I was appointed a herald and apostle and a teacher of nations .
And for the west side , curtains of fifty cubits ; their pillars ten and their sockets ten ; the hooks of the pillars and her bands were silver .
And he likewise sprinkled both the tabernacle and all the service vessels with the blood .
the son of Mahli , the son of Mushi , the son of Merari , the son of Levi .
And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream of the night , and said to him , Watch out for yourself , that you not speak with Jacob from good to evil .
And Shemaiah the son of Nethaneel the scribe , of the Levites , wrote them before the king , and the rulers , and Zadok the priest , and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar , and the heads of the fathers of the priests and Levites . One father's house was taken for Eleazar , and one taken for Ithamar .
And calling him , he said to him , What is this I hear about you ? Give the account of your stewardship , for you can no longer be steward .
And Jesus said to those coming upon Him , chief priests , and commanders of the temple , and elders , Have you come out with swords and clubs as against a robber ?
He also took out of the city one eunuch who was in charge of the men of war , and seven men who saw the king's face , who were found in the city , and the commander of the army's scribe who mustered the people of the land , and sixty men of the people of the land who were found in the middle of the city .
And Asher's daughter's name was Serah .
And when any contention shall come to you from your brothers who are living in their cities , between blood and blood between law and commandment , statutes and judgments , then you shall warn them , and they shall not be guilty before Jehovah ; and wrath shall not be on you and on your brothers ; so you shall do , and you shall not be guilty .
" And Moses fled " at this word . " And he became a tenant in Midian land , " where he fathered two sons .

And they shall take up a lament for you and say to you , How you are perished , who lived by the seas , the city well praised , which was strong in the sea , she and her dwellers , who put their terror on all her dwellers !
For He shall stand at the right hand of the needy ; to save from those judging his soul .
You drove out nations with Your hand and planted them . You brought evil on peoples and expelled them .
Persia , Ethiopia , and Libya are with them , all of them with shield and helmet ;
For I have not sent them , says Jehovah . Yet they prophesy a lie in My name , so that I might drive you out , and that you might perish , you and the prophets who prophesy to you .

And having heard the king , they departed . And , behold ! The star which they saw in the east went before them until it had come and stood over where the child was .
These are the proverbs of Solomon which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah copied out :
a time to be born , and a time to die ; a time to plant , and a time to pull up what is planted ;
And the queen , the daughter of Abihail , and Mordecai the Jew , wrote with all authority to confirm this second letter of Purim .
Behold , I send you out as sheep in the midst of wolves . Therefore , be wise as serpents and harmless as doves .

I am afraid of all my sorrows ; I know that You will not hold me innocent ;
if I have lifted up my hand against the orphan , when I watched over my help in the gate ;

But they do not know the plans of Jehovah , nor do they understand His counsel . For He has gathered them like the sheaf to the threshing floor .
I thank my God that I speak more languages than all of you .

You shall not wear a garment of different kinds , of wool and linen together .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
O God , do not be far from me ; Oh my God come quickly to help me .
And you , you shall look out men of ability out of all the people , who fear God , men of truth , haters of unjust gain . And you place these over them as rulers of thousands , rulers of hundreds , rulers of fifties , and rulers of tens .
he son of Zuph , the son of Elkanah , the son of Mahath , the son of Amasai ,
In the same day , certain Pharisees came saying to Him , Go out and go on from here , for Herod desires to kill you .
And you shall put oil on it , and lay on it frankincense ; it is a food offering .

and they cried to Jehovah in their distress ; He saved them out of their distresses ;
and they shall be afraid . Pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them ; they shall be in pain like a woman bearing ; they shall be amazed , each man to his neighbor ; faces of flames shall be their faces .
The width of the wall which was for the side room to the outside was five cubits , and that which was left between the side rooms that were of the house .
And having met with them , He charged them not to leave Jerusalem , but to await the promise of the Father , " which you heard of Me ;
Then Jesus said to Peter , Put your sword into the sheath : the cup which the Father has given Me , shall I not at all drink it ?
And Terah took his son Abram , and Lot , Haran's son , his grandson and his daughter-in-law Sarai , his son Abram's wife . And he went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldeans to go into the land of Canaan . And they came to Haran and lived there .
And whoever touches anything on which she sits shall wash his clothes and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
And Samuel heard all the words of the people , and spoke them in the ears of Jehovah .
He has said in his heart , God has forgotten ; He hides His face ; He will not see forever .
And God said to Abraham , Let it not be evil in your eyes because of the boy , and on account of your slave-girl . All that Sarah says to you , listen to her voice , for in Isaac your Seed shall be called .
And Samuel called to Jehovah . And Jehovah gave sounds and rain in that day . And all the people greatly feared Jehovah and Samuel .
And Abraham called the name of the son who was born to him , whom Sarah had borne to him , Isaac .
And all the people took notice , and it was good in their eyes . As to all the king did , it was good in the eyes of all the people .
And my enemies are living ; they are strong ; and my haters multiply by falsehood .
And Balaam said to the ass , Because you have insulted Me . if only there were a sword in my hand now I would kill you .
Come and let us return to Jehovah . For He has torn , and He will heal us . He has stricken , and He will bind us up .

And they pulled up from the wilderness of Sin and camped in Dophkah .
And he made the court . To the side of the Negeb , to the south , the curtains of the court were twined bleached linen , a hundred by the cubit .
And he struck them hip on thigh , a great slaughter , and went down and lived in the cleft of the rock Etam .
Do not enter the path of the wicked , and do not go in the way of evildoers .

The simple one , let him turn in here ; and to the one lacking heart , she says to him :
and do not let Hezekiah make you trust to Jehovah , saying , Jehovah shall surely deliver us ; and , This city shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria .
the king of Dor in the coast of Dor , one ; the king of the nations of Gilgal , one ;
And traveling through Amphipolis and Apollonia , they came to Thessalonica , where there was a synagogue of the Jews .
And I went out by night by the Valley Gate , even before the Jackal Fountain , and to the Dung Gate . And I examined the walls of Jerusalem which were broken down , and its gates which were burned with fire .
Jesus the One from Nazareth , how God anointed Him with the Holy Spirit and with power , who went about doing good , and healing all those having been oppressed by the Devil , because God was with Him .

Kings of armies fled , they ran away ; yea , she who stayed home has divided the plunder .
And the sons of Eliphaz : Teman , Omar , Zepho , and Gatam , and Kenaz .
And you , being dead in the offenses and the uncircumcision of your flesh , He made alive together with Him , having forgiven you all the offenses ,
And in the parts about that place were lands to the chief of the island , Publius by name . Welcoming us , he housed us three days in a friendly way .
And the rest of the acts of Elah , and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?
until is poured out on us the Spirit from on high , and the wilderness becomes a fruitful field ; and the fruitful field is reckoned as a forest .
he shall build a house to My name , and he shall be a son to Me , and I a Father to him ; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel forever .
And said , How you have troubled us ! Jehovah shall trouble you today ! And all Israel threw stones at him , and they burned them with fire , and they stoned them with stones .
who fed you with manna in the wilderness , which your fathers did not know ; that He might humble you and that He might prove you , to do you good at your latter end ;
In His days Judah shall be saved , and Israel shall dwell safely . And this is His name by which He shall be called , Jehovah our Righteousness .
Flee ! Save your lives , and be like a naked thing in the wilderness .
I said in my heart , Come now , I will test you with mirth . Therefore , consider with goodness . And behold , this also is vanity .
And she saw that she had made herself strong to go with her ; and she ceased to speak to her .
If you turn your foot away because of the sabbath , from doing what you please on My holy days , and call the sabbath a delight , glorified to the holiness of doing your own ways , from finding your own pleasure or speaking your word ;
and you said , Behold ! Jehovah your God has revealed His glory and His greatness to us , and we have heard His voice out of the midst of the fire ; we have seen today that God speaks with man , and he lives .
For you rebelled against My mouth in the desert of Zin , in the strife of the congregation , to sanctify Me at the waters before their eyes . they were the Waters of Strife in Kadesh , in the desert of Zin .
And going in , they did not find the body of the Lord Jesus .

They shall atone seven days for the altar , and cleanse it , and consecrate it .
And Jacob gave bread and soup of lentils to Esau . And he ate and drank , and rose up and left . And Esau despised the birthright .
And they passed on from there to the hills of Ephraim , and came into the house of Micah .
If a man sins against a man , then God shall judge him . But if a man sins against Jehovah , who shall pray for him ? But they did not listen to the voice of their father , because Jehovah desired to execute them .
And as troops of robbers wait for a man , the company of priests murder in the way to Shechem ; for they have done wickedness .
As for you , do not listen to your prophets , or to your fortune tellers , or to your dreams , or to your conjurers , or to your sorcerers , those who speak to you , saying , You shall not serve the king of Babylon .
Fear Jehovah , His holy ones , for they who fear Him lack nothing .
according to zeal , persecuting the church ; according to righteousness in Law , being blameless .
The sons of Azgad were two thousand , three hundred and twenty two .
Behold , the days come , says Jehovah , that I will punish all the circumcised with foreskin :
For it was the king's command concerning them , that a certain portion should be for the singers , the matter of the day in his day .
Because of this , no longer enduring , I also sent to know your faith , that the tempting one not somehow tempt you , and our labor should become to no avail .
And Chaldea shall be a prize ; all who plunder her shall be satisfied , declares Jehovah .
And this one began to speak boldly in the synagogue . And hearing him Priscilla and Aquila took him and more accurately expounded the way of God to him .
And now I say to you , draw away from these men and permit them ; because if this counsel is of men , or this work , it will be destroyed .
But Herod the tetrarch , being reproved by him concerning his brother Philip's wife , Herodias , and concerning all the evil things Herod did ,
He laughs at the turmoil of the city ; he does not hear the driver's shouts ;
for you to walk worthily of the Lord to all pleasing , bearing fruit in every good work and growing into the full knowledge of God ;
And Moses went up from the plains of Moab to Mount Nebo , the top of Pisgah , which is opposite Jericho . And Jehovah caused him to see all the land ; Gilead to Dan ;


Perhaps there are fifty righteous within the city ; is it so You will cut off and will not spare the place for the sake of the fifty righteous ones that are within it ?
A generation passes away , and another generation comes ; but the earth stands forever .
And the second angel poured out his bowl onto the sea . And it became blood , as of a dead one , and every soul of life died in the sea .
But he who comes against him will do as he desires , and none shall stand before him . And he shall stand in the glorious land , and destruction shall be in his hand .
So the Lord Jehovah says this : Because you made remembrance of your iniquity , in that your transgressions are uncovered , so that your sins are seen in all your deeds , because you have been remembered , you shall be taken with the palm .
Jesus spoke these words in the treasury , teaching in the temple ; and no one seized Him , for His hour had not yet come .
And He came to Nazareth where He was brought up . And as was His custom , He went in on the day of the sabbaths , into the synagogue , and He stood up to read .
And you shall put the two cords of gold on the two rings , at the end of the breast pocket .

All these who were chosen for gatekeepers in the gates were two hundred and twelve . They were in their villages , by their genealogy ; they whom David and Samuel the seer had appointed in their faithfulness .

I know your works , and the affliction , and the poverty ; but you are rich . And I know the evil speaking of those saying themselves to be Jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of Satan .
And the cry passed through the camp when the sun went , saying , Each to his city , and each to his land .
The one who has an ear , hear what the Spirit says to the churches . The one overcoming will not at all be hurt by the second death .
and the Levitical singers to all of them , to Asaph , to Heman , to Jeduthun , and to their sons and to their brothers , clothed in fine linen , with cymbals , and with harps and lyres , were standing on the east of the altar , and with them a hundred and twenty priests blowing with trumpets .
so that we should not be overreached by Satan , for we are not ignorant of his devices .
So her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be silenced in that day , says Jehovah of Hosts .
But he rebelled against him in sending his messengers to Egypt , to give horses and many people to him . Shall he prosper ? Shall he who does these things escape ? Or shall he break the covenant and be delivered ?


And God had given kindness and compassion before the chief of the eunuchs .
And they pulled up first at the mouth of Jehovah , by the hand of Moses .
I am counted with those who go down to the Pit ; I have been like a feeble man ,
Be gracious to me , O Jehovah ; see my affliction from my haters , be lifting me up from the gates of death ,
His mother said to the servants , Whatever He says to you , do .
The people of Samaria shall dread because of the calves of Beth-aven . For its people shall mourn over it ; also its priests who rejoiced on it for its glory , because it has departed from it .

betrayers , reckless , puffed up , lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God ,
And they said , If you send away the ark of the God of Israel , you shall not send it away empty . For you shall certainly send a guilt offering back to Him . Then you shall be healed , and it shall be known to you why His hand has not turned away from you .
And he spoke and disputed with the Hellenists , and they took him in hand to do away with him .

As God lives , He has taken away my judgment ; yea , the Almighty has made my soul bitter .
And the chief priests and the whole sanhedrin sought testimony against Jesus , to put Him to death . And they found none .
So says Jehovah , Israel , the people , the survivors of the sword , have found grace in the wilderness , I will go to give rest to him .
that it might take hold of the wings of the earth ; that the wicked might be shaken out of it ?
and of the tribe of the sons of Simeon , Shemuel the son of Ammihud ;
And it shall be when your son asks you on the morrow , saying , What is this ? You shall say to him , Jehovah brought us out from Egypt by the might of His hand , from the house of slaves .
Can you tell the months they fulfill ; or do you know the time for their bearing ,
He heard the sound of the ram's horn and took no warning ; his blood shall be on himself . But he who took warning , he shall deliver his soul .
And he said , What pledge shall I give to you ? And she said , Your signet ring , and your bracelet and your staff in your hand . And he gave to her , and came in to her . And she conceived by him .
If he would argue with Him , he cannot answer Him one of a thousand .
Jehovah is great and to be greatly praised ; and to His greatness there is no finding out .
because he stretched out his hand against God , and acts mighty against the Almighty .
And all those known to Him stood at a distance , and the women , those who accompanied Him from Galilee , were seeing these things .
The twelfth to Hashabiah , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
saying , Do not fear , Paul , You must stand before Caesar . And , behold , God has granted to you all those sailing with you .
And you have set up your memorial behind the door and post . For you uncovered yourself from Me and went up ; you enlarged your couch ; and you cut covenant with them ; you loved their couch ; at a hand you looked .
And Sarai said to Abram , My injury be upon you ; I gave my slave-girl into your bosom , and she saw that she had conceived , and I was despised in her eyes . Let Jehovah judge between me and you .
to open their eyes , and to turn them from darkness to light , and from the authority of Satan to God , in order that they may receive remission of sins , and an inheritance among those being sanctified by faith in Me .
and with the best of the earth , and its fullness ; and the good will of Him who dwelt in the Bush ; let it come on the head of Joseph , and on the crown of the consecrated one of his brothers .
I declared , and I saved , and I proclaimed ; and there is not an alien god among you . And you are My witnesses , says Jehovah , and I am God .
Blessed are those hungering now , for you will be filled . Blessed are those weeping now , for you will laugh .
And he shall kill the son of the herd before the face of Jehovah . And the sons of Aaron , the priests , shall bring near the blood and sprinkle the blood on the altar all around at the opening of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And if a man sanctifies a field of his property to Jehovah , then your valuation shall be according to its seed ; a homer of barley seed at fifty shekels of silver .

for you know also that afterwards desiring to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place of repentance , although seeking it with tears .
The Son of man came eating and drinking , and they say , Behold , a gluttonous man and a wine drinker , and a friend of tax collectors , and of sinners . And wisdom was justified by her children .
And Jesus went about all the cities and the villages teaching in their synagogues , and proclaiming the gospel of the kingdom , and healing every sickness and every weakness of body among the people .

Oh do not remember for us the sins of our first ones ; let Your tender mercies meet us speedily , for we have been brought very low .
And he shall lay his hand on the head of his offering and shall slaughter it in front of the tabernacle of the congregation . And the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar all around .
And bows shall also smash the young men to pieces ; and they shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb ; their eye shall not spare sons .
For if you thoroughly amend your ways and your doings ; if you truly practice justice between a man and his neighbor ;
So I made a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me , that they might make known to me the meaning of the dream .
The sound of the cry of the shepherds , and the howling from the leaders of the flock will be heard . For Jehovah is spoiling their pasture .
And four faces were to each . The first face was the face of a cherub , and the second face the face of a man , and the third the face of a lion , and the fourth the face of an eagle .
its thunder tells about Him ; also the cattle , as to what is coming .
For is it true that God shall dwell with men on the earth ? Behold , the heavens , and the heaven of heavens , do not contain You . How much less this house that I have built !
Do not trust yourself to lying words , saying , The temple of Jehovah ! The temple of Jehovah ! This is the temple of Jehovah !
And he spoke to them , saying , You are returning to your tents with great treasures , and with very much livestock , with silver , and with gold , and with bronze , and with iron , and with much clothing . Divide the spoil of your enemies with your brothers .
But knowing in Himself that His disciples were murmuring about this , Jesus said to them , Does this offend you ?
And the crowds said , This is Jesus , the Prophet , the one from Nazareth of Galilee .
And their border was at the north side from the Jordan , and the border went up to the side of Jericho on the north , and went up through the hills westward ; and its boundary line was at the wilderness of Beth-aven ;
and Gath , and Mareshah , and Ziph ,
You may eat of all clean birds .
In that day Jehovah of Hosts shall become a crown of glory and a diadem of beauty to the rest of His people ,

Defending himself , Paul said , Neither against the Law of the Jews , nor against the temple , nor against Caesar have I sinned in anything .

And Elijah said to him , Elisha , please stay here , for Jehovah has sent me to Jericho . And he said , As Jehovah lives , and your soul lives , I will not leave you . And they came into Jericho .
And all the rulers sent Jehudi , the son of Nethaniah , the son of Shelemiah , the son of Cushi , to Baruch , saying , Take the roll in your hand , in which you have read in the ears of the people , and come . So Baruch , the son of Neriah , took the roll in his hand and came to them .
Then you shall remember your ways and be ashamed , when you shall receive your sisters , the older than you to the younger than you , and I will give them to you for daughters , but not by your covenant .
And He said , Now hear My words , If your prophet is of Jehovah , I shall make Myself known to him in an appearance ; I will speak to him in a dream .
those numbered of them for the tribe of Judah were seventy four thousand and six hundred .
And he took the treasures of the house of Jehovah , and the treasures of the king's house ; yea , he took all . And he took all the golden shields that Solomon had made .
And Jehovah said to me , Out of the north evil will be set loose on all the inhabitants of the land .
And hearing , they went into the temple about dawn and taught . But having come near , the high priest and those with him called together the sanhedrin and all the elderhood of the sons of Israel . And they sent to the jail to have them brought .
And Abijam lay with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of David . And his son Asa reigned in his place .
Cursed is he who lies with his mother-in-law ! And all the people shall say , Amen !
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And Amnon said to Tamar , Bring the food into the inner room , and I shall eat from your hand . And Tamar took the cakes that she had made and brought them in to her brother Amnon , into the inner room .
If you were of the world , the world would love its own . But because you are not of the world , but I chose you out of the world , for this reason the world hates you .
Behold , my eye has seen all this ; my ear has heard and understood it .
I shall no longer speak many things with you , for the ruler of this world is coming , and he has nothing in Me .

And He said to me , Son of man , do you see what they are doing , the great abominations which the house of Israel is doing here , that I should be far from My sanctuary ? But you turn again and you shall see greater abominations .
And when men strive , and one strikes his neighbor with a stone , or with a fist , and he does not die , but falls on his bed ,
and in the morning you shall see the glory of Jehovah , in His hearing your murmurings against Jehovah . And we , what are we that you murmur against us ?
Surely , goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life ; and I shall dwell in the house of Jehovah for as long as my days .
Only , do not rebel against Jehovah . And you , do not fear the people of the land , for they are our bread ; their defense has turned away from them ; and Jehovah is with us ; do not be afraid of them .
And all Israel gave the portions of the singers and the gatekeepers , everyday its portion , in the days of Zerubbabel , and in the days of Nehemiah . And they set the holy things apart for the Levites ; and the Levites set apart for the sons of Aaron .
I know your works , and where you dwell , where the throne of Satan is . And you hold My name , and did not deny My faith even in the days in which Antipas was My faithful witness ; who was killed alongside you , where Satan dwells .

For you can all prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be encouraged .
And the king commanded Hilkiah , and Ahikam the son of Shaphan , and Abdon the son of Micah , and Shaphan the scribe , and Asaiah the servant of the king , saying ,
And Jehovah said to Moses , Take Joshua the son of Nun , a man in whom is the Spirit , and lay your hand on him .
My soul vividly remembers and bows down on me .
And the king of Israel called to a certain eunuch and said , Cause Micaiah the son of Imlah to hurry .
But to sit off My right and off My left is not Mine to give , but for whom it has been prepared .
I call the heavens and the earth to witness against you today that you shall soon utterly perish from off the land to which you go over the Jordan to possess it ; you shall not prolong your days on it , but shall utterly be destroyed .
Yea , all Israel has transgressed Your law and turned aside that they might not obey Your voice . For this reason the curse has poured out on us , and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God , because we have sinned against Him .
Behold ! I am standing by the well of water , and the daughters of the men of the city are coming out to draw water .
If his master gives him a wife , and she bears sons or daughters to him , the wife and her children shall belong to her master ; and he shall go out with his body .
Wisdom is better than weapons of conflict ; but one sinner destroys much good .
And Joseph said to them , This is that which I have spoken to you , saying , You are spies !
And I say to you , Make to yourselves friends by the unrighteous mammon , that when it fails they may take you into the eternal dwellings .
And so shall be the plague of the horse , the mule , the camel , and the ass , and all the beasts which shall be in those camps , like this plague .
None shall be weary nor stumble among them ; none will slumber nor sleep ; nor shall the waist cloth of their loins be opened , nor the thong of their sandals broken ;
And from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour .
And you shall not give your seed to pass them through to Molech , nor shall you pollute the name of your God ; I am Jehovah .
because of the wine of the anger of her fornication which all the nations have drunk , even the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her ; and the merchants of the earth became rich from the power of her luxury .

Now , behold , if he fathers a son who sees all his father's sins which he has done , and sees , and does not do like them ;
But answering , He said to them , Have you not read that He who created them from the beginning " created them male and female " ?

And if Satan rises upon himself , and has been divided , he is not able to stand , but he has an end .
These were the appointed cities for all the sons of Israel , and for the alien who was living in their midst , that he who had struck anyone mortally without knowing might flee there , and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood , until he stood before the congregation .
How then can man be justified with God ? Or how can one who is horn of a woman be pure ?
Sheol and destruction are never satisfied , so the eyes of man are never satisfied .


And Saul , and they , and all the men of Israel were in the valley of Elah , fighting with the Philistines .
And Ephraim said , I am rich ; I have found much wealth for myself . In all my labors they shall find in me no iniquity that is sin .
But I say , Over so long a time the heir is an infant , he being lord of all does not differ from a slave ,
And he cried against the altar , by the word of Jehovah , and said , Altar ! Altar ! So says Jehovah , Behold , a son shall be born to the house of David , his name Josiah , and he shall sacrifice on you the priests of the high places who are burning incense on you , and they shall burn the bones of man on you .
Let the rivers clap their hands ; let the heights shout for joy together
And now call to me all the prophets of Baal , all his servants , and all his priests . Do not let a man be lacking , for I shall have a great sacrifice to Baal . Anyone who is lacking , he shall not live . And Jehu was acting with cunning in order to destroy the servants of Baal .
Behold , blessed is the man whom God corrects ; and despise not the chastisement of the Almighty .
and the Negeb , and the plain of the valley of Jericho , the city of palm trees , to Zoar .
And he slept and dreamed a second time . And , behold , seven ears of grain were coming up on one stalk , fat and good .
And two doors were to each of the doors , two turning doors , two for the one door , and two for the other door .
But hearing the word spoken , Jesus said to the synagogue ruler at once , Do not fear , only believe .
Be amazed at this , O heavens , and be horrified ; be completely desolated , declares Jehovah .
And it shall be , when your sons say to you , What is this service to you ?
For now it would be heavier than the sand of the seas ; on account of this my words have been rash .
And Omri went up , and all Israel with him from Gibbethon , and they laid siege to Tirzah .
And Rebekah lifted her eyes and she saw Isaac . And she dismounted from the camel .
even he who goes into the forest with his neighbor to cut wood , and his hand brings a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree , and the iron head slips from the wood and finds his neighbor so that he dies ; he shall flee to one of these cities , and shall live ;
They shall bear You up in their hands , that You not dash Your foot on a stone .
And Deborah said to Barak , Rise up , for this is the day in which Jehovah has given Sisera into your hand . Has not Jehovah gone out before you ? And Barak went down from Mount Tabor , and ten thousand men after him .
And they said to one another , We are not doing right this day . It is a day of good news , and we are keeping silent . And if we wait until the morning light , then punishment will find us . And now come and we will go and tell the house of the king .
And there was found in it a poor wise man , and he by his wisdom saved the city . Yet no man remembered that poor man !
And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the rest of those who remain of this evil family , who remain there in all the places where I have driven them , says Jehovah of hosts .
So also he made side post for the entrance of the temple from the olive tree , a fourth part .
Their sword shall enter into their heart , and their bows shall be broken .
And I took your sin , the calf which you made , and I burned it with fire , and beat it , grinding it very small until it was as fine as dust ; and I threw its dust into the torrent that came down out of the mountain .
You have gone around this mountain long enough ; turn yourselves northward .
This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation , the Holy of Holies .
Then I will compress Ariel , and there shall be mourning and sorrow ; and it shall be to Me as Ariel .
Remain in Me , and I in you . As the branch is not able to bear fruit of itself , unless it remain in the vine , so neither can you unless you remain in Me .

And the rest of the acts of Baasha , and that which he did , and his might , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?
Then Jesus said to them , Do not fear . Go tell your brothers that they may go into Galilee , and there they will see Me .
And it went from Bethel to Luz , and passed on to the border of the Archites , to Ataroth ;
And take your father , and your houses , and come to me . And I will give to you the good of the land of Egypt ; and you shall eat the fat of the land .
lest the land from which You brought us say , Because Jehovah was not able to bring them into the land which He promised them ; and , because He hated them , He has brought them out to kill them in the wilderness .
And David's men said to him , Behold , the day of which Jehovah said to you , Behold , I will deliver your enemy into your hand , and you shall do to him as it is good in your eyes . But David rose up and quietly cut off the skirt of Saul's robe .
For the king has listened , to deliver his servant out of the hand of the man seeking to destroy me and my son together , out of the inheritance of God .
He who loves wisdom gladdens his father , but a feeder of harlots wastes wealth .
The woman said to Him , Sir , you have no vessel , and the well is deep . From where then do you have living water ?
And having called His disciples near , He said to them , Truly I say to you that this poor widow has thrown in more than all of those casting into the treasury .
Then they said to him , How were your eyes opened ?
And the young woman was exceedingly beautiful , and she was a nurse to the king and served him . But the king did not know her .
I ate no food for delight , and no flesh or wine came into my mouth . I did not anoint myself at all until three weeks of days were fulfilled .
You shall not make gods of silver along with Me , and you shall not make gods of gold for yourselves .
And if anyone was not found having been written in the Book of Life , he was thrown into the Lake of Fire .
And David said to his men , Each man gird on his sword . And David also girded on his sword . And about four hundred men went up after David and two hundred stayed by the baggage .
And he returned , and walked in the house , once here and once there . And he went up and stretched himself on him . And the boy sneezed seven times , and the boy opened his eyes .
And she was not able to hide him any longer , and she took a basket for him made of papyrus , and she daubed it with bitumen and with pitch . And she put the child in it , and placed it in the reeds by the lip of the Nile .

and cried out , seeing the smoke of her burning , saying , What is like the great city ?
Do not despise prophecies .
but I say to you , Do not resist the evil ; but whoever strikes you on the right cheek , turn the other to him also .
and then you will be blessed , for they have nothing to repay you . For it will be repaid to you in the resurrection of the just .
for us to be to the praise of His glory , the ones who had previously trusted in Christ ;
And go out to the valley of the son of Hinnom by the entry of Potsherd Gate . And there declare the words that I will speak to you .
so Jehovah , God of Hosts , the God of Israel , says this , Behold , I will bring on Judah and on all the people of Jerusalem all the evil that I have spoken against them because I have spoken to them , but they did not listen . Yea , I have called to them , but they did not answer .

Jehovah is high above all nations ; His glory above the heavens .
And the altar was torn , and the ashes poured out from the altar , according to the sign that the man of God had given by the word of Jehovah .
And she rose up and bowed her face to the earth , and said , Behold , let your handmaid be a servant to wash the feet of the servants of my lord .

Our pursuers were swifter than the eagles of the heavens ; they hotly pursued us on the mountains ; they lay in wait for us in the wilderness .
They are rejoicing to exultation . They are glad when they find the grave .
If you are wise , you shall be wise for yourself , but if you scorn , you alone shall bear it .
" And it shall be that everyone who shall call on the name of the Lord will be saved . "
and Syria fled before Israel , and David killed seven thousand charioteers of Syria , and forty thousand footmen , and he killed Shophach , the army commander .
And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it , because He rested from all His work on it , which God had created to make .
To the many you shall increase their inheritance ; and to the few you shall diminish their inheritance ; each according to the mouth of his numbered ones shall be given his inheritance .
For in what He has suffered , being tried , He is able to help those having been tried .
As he who takes away a garment in cold weather , and as vinegar on soda , so is he who sings songs on an evil heart .
But having food and clothing , we will be satisfied with these .
( that the Word might be fulfilled which He said , " Of those whom You gave to Me , I lost not one of them ) . "
And the separate cities of the sons of Ephraim were in the midst of the inheritance of the sons of Manasseh , all the cities and their villages .
and prepare by the house of your fathers , according to your courses , by the writing of David the king of Israel , and by the writing of his son Solomon ,
And Jehu came to Jezreel . And Jezebel had heard , and had painted her eyes and adorned her head , and looked down through the window .

with kings and wise men of the earth , who built ruins for themselves ;
having been born again , not by corruptible seed , but incorruptible , through the living word of God , and remaining forever .
So you shall give parting gifts to Moresheth-gath . The houses of Achzib are for a lying thing to the kings of Israel .
Jehovah is God , and He gives light to us . Tie the sacrifice with cords , to the horns of the altar .
In the midst of the slain they have put a bed for her , with all her multitude . Her graves are all around him , all of them uncircumcised , slain by the sword . Though their terror was given in the land of the living , yet they have borne their shame with those going down to the Pit ; he is put among the slain .
In the morning you shall say , Oh that it were evening ! And in the evening you shall say , Oh that it were morning ! For the fear of your heart with which you fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
Serpents ! Offspring of vipers ! How shall you escape the judgment of Hell ?
And if you do not send away My people , behold , I am about to send swarms of flies on you , and on your servants , and on your people , and on your house . And the houses of the Egyptians will be full of swarms of flies , and also the ground on which they are .
I said , O my God , do not take me up in the half of my days ; Your years are through the generation of generations .
You shall not pervert judgment . You shall not regard faces , nor shall you take a bribe ; for a bribe blinds the eyes of the wise , and perverts the words of the righteous .
For Jozachar the son of Shimeath , and Jehozabad the son of Shomer , his servants , killed him ; and he died . And they buried him with his fathers in the city of David . And his son Amaziah reigned in his place .
Therefore , when the crowd saw that Jesus was not there nor His disciples , they themselves also entered into the boats and came to Capernaum seeking Jesus .
The one believing in the Son of God has the witness in himself . The one not believing God has made Him a liar , because he has not believed in the witness which God has witnessed concerning His Son .
She lusted to the sons of Assyria , neighboring governors and rulers clothed most perfectly , horsemen riding horses , all of them desirable young men .
Besides what I see , You teach me ; if I have done iniquity , I will not do it again .
then you shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you , and destroy all their engraved images ; yea , you shall destroy all their casted images , and demolish all their high places .
His coming is according to the working of Satan in all power and miracles and lying wonders ,
Let the nations be awakened and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat . For there I will sit to judge all the nations all around .
And you returned and wept before Jehovah , but Jehovah did not listen to your voice , nor did He give ear to you .
and Adaiah the son of Jeroham , the son of Pashur , the son of Malchijah ; and Maasiai the son of Adiel , the son of Jahzerah , the son of Meshullam , the son of Meshillemith , the son of Immer ;

But know that Jehovah has set apart the godly for Himself . Jehovah hears when I call to Him .
And it happened at the offering of the sacrifice , that Elijah the prophet came near and said , O Jehovah , the God of Abraham , Isaac , and Israel , let it be known today that you are God in Israel , and I Your servant , that by Your word I have done all these things .
Whether two days , or a month , or days , when the cloud tarried over the tabernacle , to remain over it , the sons of Israel remained in camp , and did not pull up . And when it was lifted up , they pulled up stakes .
and Janum , and Beth-tappuah , and Aphekah ,

Nohah , the fourth ; and Rapha , the fifth .
And I will be glad and rejoice in Your mercy ; for You have seen my affliction ; You have known the distresses in my soul ;
To a ruler who listens to lying words , all his ministers are wicked .
And taking leave of them , He went away to the mountain to pray .
And if you are not sending , we will not go ; for the man said to us , You shall not see my face unless your brother is with you .
And the king answered them sharply , and king Rehoboam left the counsel of the aged men ,
Then I said , Lord Jehovah , I beg You , stop . How can Jacob stand ? For he is small .
But know for certain that if you put me to death , you shall surely bring innocent blood on yourselves , and on this city , and on its inhabitants . For truly Jehovah has sent me to you , to speak all these words in your ears .
he was with David in Pasdammim , and the Philistines had gathered there to battle ; and a portion of the field was full of barley , and the people had fled from before the Philistines ;
And he cast four rings of gold for it , on its four feet ; two rings on its one side and two rings on its second side .
And you , son of man , prophesy and say , So says the Lord Jehovah concerning the sons of Ammon , and as to their shame , even say : The sword , the sword is drawn , it is polished for slaughter to make an end , so that it may be like lightning .
And our elders and all the people of our land spoke to us , saying , Take provisions in your hand for the way , and go to meet them . And you shall say to them , We are your servants ; and now , cut a covenant with us .
Rise up , let us go . Behold , the one betraying Me has drawn near .
And these are the foundations Solomon laid , to build the house of God : the length by cubits according to the ancient measure , sixty cubits ; and the breadth twenty cubits .
And Jesus said to him , Even you have seen Him , and He speaking with you is that One .
So says the Lord Jehovah , Behold , I will lift up My hand to the nations , and will set up My banner to peoples . And they shall bring your sons in the bosom , and your daughters shall be carried on the shoulder .
But some of them said , He casts out the demons by Beelzebub the chief of the demons .
And Jehovah said , Behold , a place by Me ! And you shall stand on a rock .

Moab shall not still be praised . In Heshbon they have plotted evil against it , saying , Come and let us cut it off as a nation . And you shall be silenced , O madmen ; a sword will go after you ,
And their eyes were opened , and they knew Him . And He became invisible from them .
And Hezekiah ordered them to build rooms in the house of Jehovah ; and they prepared ,
Let the work of this house of God alone . Let the governor of the Jews , and the elders of the Jews , build this house of God in its place .
But when the kindness and love of God our Savior toward man appeared ,

Let Pharaoh act and let him appoint rulers over the land and take a fifth of the land of Egypt in the seven years of plenty .
In that day you will ask in My name , and I do not tell you that I will petition the Father about you ;
Therefore , you and all your company that have gathered against Jehovah , What is Aaron that you murmur against him ?
So say to them , So says the Lord Jehovah : Not any of My words will be drawn out any longer . What I have spoken , that word shall be done , declares the Lord Jehovah .

Draw near to God , and He will draw near to you . Cleanse your hands , sinners ! And purify your hearts , double minded ones !

All was in writing from the hand of Jehovah . He caused me to understand all the work of the pattern .
You have let men ride at our head ; we went through fire and through water , but You brought us out to plenty .
For this reason the kingdom of Heaven has been compared to a man , a king , who decided to take account with his slaves .
And , behold , I am commanding a house to be built to the name of Jehovah my God , as Jehovah spoke to my father David , saying , Your son whom I will appoint in your place on your throne , he shall build the house for My name .
To hold back from idol sacrifices , and blood , and that strangled , and from fornication ; from which continually keeping yourselves , you will do well . Be prospered .
But Michael the archangel , when contending with the Devil , he argued about the body of Moses ; he dared not bring a judgment of blasphemy , but said , " Let the Lord rebuke you ! "
But I say to you , Everyone who is angry with his brother without a cause shall be liable to the Judgment . And whoever says to his brother , Raca , shall be liable to the sanhedrin ; but whoever says , Fool ! shall be liable to be thrown into the fire of Hell .
The sons of Adin were six hundred and fifty five .
Their appearance is darker than soot ; they are not recognized in the streets . Their skin has shriveled on their bones ; it is dried up , it has become like wood .
And they shall not be like their fathers , a stubborn and rebellious generation , a generation that prepared not its heart ; yea , whose spirit was not faithful with God .
and those using this world as not abusing it ; for the mode of this world is passing away .
For you shall listen to the voice of Jehovah your God , to keep His commandments and His statutes which are written in the book of this law . For you shall turn back toward Jehovah your God , with all your heart and with all your soul .
And they sing as a new song before the throne , and before the four living creatures and the elders . And no one was able to learn the song except the hundred and forty four thousands , those having been redeemed from the earth .
And he overlaid it with pure gold , inside and outside . And he made for it a wreath of gold all around .
I will mention the mercies of Jehovah , the praises of Jehovah , according to all that Jehovah has benefited us , and the great good to the house of Israel , by which He benefited them according to His mercies , and according to the multitude of His loving-kindness .
But the Lord said to him , Now you Pharisees cleanse the outside of the cup and of the dish , but your inside is full of robbery and evil .
I will greatly rejoice in Jehovah . My soul shall be joyful in my God . For He clothed me with garments of salvation ; He put on me the robe of righteousness , even as a bridegroom puts on his ornament , and as the bride is adorned with her jewels .
So says the Lord Jehovah : I will also destroy the idols , and I will make vanities cease from Noph . And there shall not any longer be a prince of the land of Egypt . And I will put fear in the land of Egypt .
And if a son of a month even to a son of five years , then your evaluation shall be five shekels of silver for the male and three shekels of silver for the female .
For You , O Jehovah , will bless the righteous ; You will surround him with favor , as with a shield .
You sit ; you speak against your brother ; the son of your mother ; you give slander .
And I , John , saw the holy city , New Jerusalem , coming down out of Heaven from God , having been prepared as a bride , having been adorned for her Husband .
And David took the spear and the jar of water at the head-place of Saul , and they went away . And no one was seeing ; and no one knew ; and no one was awake ; for all of them were sleeping because a deep sleep from Jehovah had fallen on them .
And David gathered the sons of Aaron and the Levites .
And you , O slain , wicked prince of Israel , of whom has come his day in the time of iniquity of the end ,
But He saved them for His name's sake , to make known His might .
Oh let the peoples be glad and sing for joy ; for You shall judge the peoples uprightly and govern the peoples on earth . Selah .
about whom , standing up , the accusers brought no charge of which I suspected ,
And Saul said to Jonathan , Tell me , what did you do ? And Jonathan told him , and said , I indeed tasted a little honey with the end of the staff in my hand . Behold , I am here ; I will die .


These were the families of the sons of Noah , by their generations , in their nations . And from these the nations were divided in the earth after the flood .
Jehovah has brought forth our righteousness ; come and let us declare in Zion the work of Jehovah our God .
And I will put My Spirit within you and cause you to walk in My statutes , and you shall keep My judgments and do them .
And ride prosperously in Your majesty , on the matter of truth and meekness and right , and Your right hand shall teach You fearful things .
And this was made to prosper in the reign of Darius , and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian .
You shall not lend at interest to your brother ; interest of silver , interest of food , interest of anything loaned at interest .
And truly if they remembered that from which they came out , they had time to return .
for you are all sons of God through faith in Christ Jesus .
And You are just as to all that came on us , for You have done right ; but we have done evilly .
For we have become partakers of Christ , if truly we hold the beginning of the assurance firm to the end ;
And about three thousand men of the people went up there And they fled before the men of Ai .
For though you had stricken the entire army of the Chaldeans who fight against you , and only wounded men remained among them , yet they would rise up , each man in his tent , and burn this city with fire .

And you shall take the oil of anointing and shall pour on his head , and shall anoint him .
Now the slaves and the under-officers were standing and warming themselves , having made a fire of coals , for it was cold ; and Peter was with them , standing and warming himself .
And Moses announced the appointed feasts of Jehovah to the sons of Israel .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,

For we rejoice when we are weak and you are powerful . But we pray for this also , your perfection .
And she uncovered her fornications and uncovered her nakedness . Then My soul was alienated from her just as My soul was alienated from her sister .
And he did the right in the eyes of Jehovah , according to all that his father Uzziah did ; only , he did not come into the temple of Jehovah ; and the people continued to do wickedly .
But when they bring you in before synagogues and rulers and the authorities , do not be anxious how or what you shall reply , or what you should say ;
The sons of Adonikam were six hundred and sixty seven .
So the Lord Jehovah says this : I shall gather you from the peoples , and assemble you out of the lands , in those where you were scattered , and I shall give to you the land of Israel .
so that I may capture the house of Israel in their own heart , who are estranged from Me by their idols , all of them .


For vexation kills the fool , and passion puts to death the simple .
And a new king arose over Egypt , who had not known Joseph .
You eat the fat and clothe yourselves with the wool , you sacrifice the fat ones , and you do not feed the flock .
For our exhortation was not of error , nor of uncleanness , nor in guile ;
And I will make the rivers dry and sell the land into the hand of evil ones . And I will waste the land and her fullness by the hand of strangers . I , Jehovah , have spoken .


But God chose the foolish things of the world that the wise might be put to shame , and God chose the weak things of the world so that He might put to shame the strong things .
And he set the one in Bethel , and the other he put in Dan .

who before knew me from the first , if they will testify , that according to the most exact sect of our religion , I lived a Pharisee .
But if I cast out the demons by the Spirit of God , then the kingdom of God has come on you .
And the appearance of the vision which I saw was as the appearance which I saw when I came to destroy the city , and as the appearance that I saw by the river Chebar . And I fell on my face .

Everyone practicing sin also practices lawlessness , and sin is lawlessness .
And Miriam was shut out at the outside of the camp seven days , and the people did not pull up stakes until Miriam was brought in .
And all the army of the Chaldeans who were with the chief of the executioners broke down the wall of Jerusalem all around .
And for the north side , a hundred by the cubit , their pillars were twenty and their sockets twenty , of bronze . The hooks of the pillars and their bands were silver .
He was a bear lying in wait for me , a lion in secret places .
Terrors and dread fell on them ; by the greatness of Your arm ; they are silent as a stone , until Your people pass through , O Jehovah , until pass through the people whom You have bought .
Blessed is that servant whom his lord shall find so doing when he comes .

In the width of the wall of the court eastward , to the face of the separate area , and to the face of the building were rooms .
When you come near a city to fight against it , then call to it for peace .
" but bearing thorns and thistles , " it is deemed unfit and near a curse , of which the end is for burning . )
And they said to Jeremiah , Let Jehovah be a true and faithful witness between us if not according to all things Jehovah your God shall send you to us , so we will do .
They are vanity , the work of delusion . In the time of their judgment they shall perish .
And she said to him , My lord , you have sworn to your handmaid by Jehovah your God , saying , Surely your son Solomon shall reign after me , and he shall sit on my throne .
Is this your exulting city from days of her old age ? Her own feet carry it far away to stay .
And of the sons of Israel's half , which Moses divided from the men who warred :
O Jehovah , for Your servant's sake , and according to Your own heart , You have done all this greatness , to make known all these great things .
And as for the people , he caused them to pass over into the cities , and from the end of the border of Egypt to its other end .
And his armorbearer said to him , Do all that is in your heart ; turn yourself . Behold , I am with you according to your heart .
And , brothers , I make known to you the gospel preached by me , that it is not according to man .
The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity , nor speak lies . And a deceitful tongue shall not be found in their mouth . For they shall feed and lie down , and no one shall frighten them .

Of the Gershonites : Laadan and Shimei .
And the men of Judah shouted . And it was , at the shouting of the men of Judah , God struck Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah .
Then you shall be released from my oath , when you have come to my family , and if they do not give one to you ; then you shall be released from my oath .
For the rest , brothers , rejoice ! Perfect yourselves ; encourage yourselves , mind the same thing , be at peace ; and the God of love and of peace will be with you .
And David said to him , Whose are you ? And from where do you come ? And he said , I am an Egyptian youth , slave to an Amalekite man . And my lord abandoned me , for I had been sick three days .

And the border passed on to the side of Beth-hoglah northward , and the boundary line was at the north tongue of the Salt Sea , to the extreme south of the Jordan ; this was the southern border .
And all the vessels of the house of God , the large and the small , and treasures of the house of Jehovah , and the treasures of the king and his leaders , he brought all to Babylon .
And the king went out , and all the people at his feet . And they stood still at the house farthest away .
And they began to sanctify on the first of the first month , and on the eighth day of the month they came to the porch of Jehovah ; and they sanctified the house of Jehovah in eight days , and on the sixteenth day of the first month they had finished .
Speak to the sons of Israel , and say to them , When you come into the land which I am giving to you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to Jehovah .
So is he who goes in to his neighbor's wife ; everyone touching her shall not be innocent .
For they themselves having been circumcised do not even keep the Law , but they desire you to be circumcised so that they may boast in your flesh .
For astonishment took hold of him , and all those with him , at the haul of fish which they took ;
Since I have raised you up out of the dust , and made you ruler over My people Israel , and you have walked in the way of Jeroboam , and caused My people Israel to sin , to provoke Me to anger with their sins ;
And the sons of Israel pulled up stakes and encamped in Oboth .
I am an alien and a visitor with you . Give to me a possession among you , so that I may bury my dead from before the eyes .
But going before onto the ship , we set sail for Assos , being about to take Paul in there ; for so it had been arranged , he being about to go on foot .
and turned east from Sarid toward the rising of the sun , to the border of The Flames of Tabor , and goes out to Daberath , and goes up the Japhia .
and Beth-lebaoth , and Sharuhen ; thirteen cities and their villages ;
And he made the robe of the ephod , skilled work , all of blue .
And in the eighth year of his reign , and he was still a boy , he began to seek to the God of his father David ; and in the twelfth year he began to cleanse Judah and Jerusalem from the high places , and the Asherahs , and the graven images , and the casted images .
And in the fulfilling of the day of Pentecost , they were all with one mind in the same place .
But I will walk in my integrity ; redeem me and be gracious to me .
You shall arise ; have mercy on Zion ; for the time to pity her , yea , the appointed time has come .
And Ehud made a sword for himself , and it had two edges , a cubit in length . And he girded it under his long robe , on his right thigh .
If the ox gores a male slave or a slave-girl , he shall give thirty silver shekels to his master , and the ox shall be stoned .
And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up , the cloud covered the tabernacle , even the tabernacle of the testimony . And at evening there was on the tabernacle the appearance of fire , until morning .
But the sailors seeking to flee out of the ship , and lowering the boat into the sea , pretending to be about to cast out anchors from the prow ,
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
that also the creation will be freed from the slavery of corruption to the freedom of the glory of the children of God .
And he said , Who are you ? And she said , I am your handmaid Ruth , and you shall spread your skirt over your handmaid , for you are a kinsman redeemer .
You shall sow your field six years , and you shall prune your vineyard six years , and shall gather its produce .
they are reckoned to be giants , they too , like the Anakim ; but the Moabites call them Emim .
And the king loved above all the women , and she rose in grace and favor in his sight more than all the virgins . And he set the royal crown on her head , and made her to rule instead of Vashti .

How can you say , I am not defiled ; I have not gone after Baals ? See your way in the valley ; know what you have done ! You are a swift camel crossing her ways ;

And Saul sent to Jesse , saying , Please let David stand before me , for he has found grace in my eyes .
You have said , behold , I have stricken Edom , and your heart has lifted you up to boast ; now , stay in your house ; why should you stir yourself up to evil , that you should fall , you and Judah with you ?
from then onward , one came to a heap of twenty measures , and there were but ten . One came to the wine vat to draw out fifty from the wine trough , and there were but twenty .
And Moses said to them , Have you saved all the women alive ?
But honor the one being really a widow , even having been left alone , who has set her hope on God and continues in petitions and prayers night and day .
And seeing their faith , Jesus said to the paralytic , Child , your sins are forgiven to you .
For so says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel : I have put a yoke of iron on the neck of all these nations to serve Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon . And they shall serve him . And I have given him the beasts of the field also .
Gimel . Deal bountifully with Your servant that I may live , and I will keep Your word .
And Jehovah struck the Cushites before Asa and before Judah . And the Ethiopians fled .
And whoever causes one of these little ones that believe in Me to offend , it is good for him if rather a millstone be laid about his neck , and he be thrown into the sea .
And Samuel said to Saul , Stop , and I will declare to you that which Jehovah spoke to me tonight . And he said to him , Speak .
And rising up at once before them , taking up that on which he was lying , he went to his house glorifying God .
And king Rehoboam sent Hadoram who was over the forced labor . And the sons of Israel threw stones at him , and he died . And king Rehoboam was alerted to mount up into a chariot to flee to Jerusalem .
And the border reaches to Tabor , and Shahazimah , and Beth-shemesh . And the outer limits of their border were at Jordan ; sixteen cities and their villages .
Have the workers of evil not known , eating up My people as they eat bread ? They have not called on God .
Now , rise up and you yourselves pass over the torrent Zered ; and we crossed over the torrent Zered .
as to whom it was said , " In Isaac your Seed shall be called ; "
And when all the Jews in Moab , and among the sons of Ammon , and in Edom , and in all the lands , heard that the king of Babylon had left a remnant of Judah , and that he had set over them Gedaliah , the son of Ahikam , the son of Shaphan ,
Speak to Aaron , and to his sons , and to all the sons of Israel . And you shall say to them , This is the thing which Jehovah has commanded , saying ,

gold and crystal cannot be ranked with it , nor its exchange a vessel of fine gold .
They sharpen their tongues like a snake ; adders' poison is under their lips . Selah .
And the sons of the army that Amaziah had sent back from going with him to battle , these raided against the cities of Judah , from Samaria even to Beth-horon , and killed three thousand of them , and seized much prey .
So then let us pursue the things of peace , and the things for building up one another .

When the wicked comes , scorn also comes , and with shame comes reproach .
And why is this to me that the mother of my Lord comes to me ?
And the man rose to go , he and his concubine , and his young man . And his father-in-law , the young woman's father , said to him , Please notice that the day has faded toward evening . Please stay the night . Behold , the day is declining . Stay here , and let your heart be good , and you shall rise early tomorrow for your journey . And you shall go to your tent .
And Hushai said to Absalom , The counsel Ahithophel counseled is not good at this time .
And answered and said :
My son , keep my words and store up my commands within you .
And Moses commanded the sons of Israel , saying , This is the land which you shall receive as inheritance by lot , which Jehovah has commanded to give to the nine tribes and the half tribe :
And taking it down , he wrapped it in linen , and placed it in a quarried tomb , where no one was ever yet laid .
And if Jehovah your God shall enlarge your border , as He has sworn to your fathers , and shall give to you all the land which He has spoken to give to your fathers ,
And you shall sacrifice a Passover to Jehovah your God of the flock , and of the herd , in the place which He shall choose to cause His name to dwell there .
On account of this the wicked shall not stand in the judgment , nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous .
And the sixth was Ithream , of Eglah the wife of David . These were born to David in Hebron .

House and riches are the inheritance of fathers , but a prudent wife is from Jehovah .
And he lifted up his eyes and saw the women and the children And he said , Who are these with you ? And he said , The children with whom God has favored your servant .

Do not judge according to sight , but judge righteous judgment .
You shall fear Jehovah your God ; you shall serve Him ; and you shall cleave to Him ; and you shall swear by His name .
And Onan knew that the seed would not be his . And it happened when he went into his brother's wife , he wasted his semen to the ground , not giving seed to his brother .
And Hazor shall be a dwelling for jackals , a ruin forever . No man shall live there , nor any son of man stay in it .
The king's wrath is like a lion's roar , but his favor is like dew on the grass .
And answering , Jesus spoke to the lawyers and Pharisees , asking whether it is lawful to heal on the sabbath .
So they gave Hebron and its open lands to the sons of Aaron the priest as a city of refuge for the slayer , and Libnah and its open lands ,
Today , in the month of Abib , you are going out .
I have called on You , for You will answer me , O God ; bow down Your ear to me and hear my word .
These all died by way of faith , not having received the promises , but seeing them from afar , and being persuaded , and having embraced and confessed that they are aliens and tenants .
being about to receive the wages of unrighteousness , having deemed indulgence in the day to be pleasure ; spots and blemishes reveling in their deceits , feasting along with you ,
And command them to go to their masters , saying , So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel : So you shall say to your masters ,
And Abraham reproved Abimelech on account of a well of water which the slaves of Abimelech had seized .
And of all my sons , for Jehovah has given me many sons , He has chosen my son Solomon to sit on the throne of the kingdom of Jehovah , over Israel .
as Sarah obeyed Abraham , calling him lord ; whose children you became , doing good , and fearing no terror .
And taking the body , Joseph wrapped it in clean linen ,
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Bring your cause , says Jehovah ; let your strong reasons come near , says the King of Jacob .
I delight to do Your will , O My God ; and Your law is within My inmost soul .
And Eliakim the son of Hilkiah , who was over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder , came in to Hezekiah , having torn their garments ; and they told him the words of the chief of the cupbearers .
You know Abner the son of Ner , that he came to deceive you , and to know your going out and your coming in , and to know all that you are doing .
Believe Me that I am in the Father , and the Father is in Me ; but if not , believe Me because of the works themselves .
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah , king of Judah , this word came from Jehovah , saying ,
But turning He said to Peter , Go behind Me , Satan ! You are an offense to Me , for you do not think of the things of God , but the things of men .
He delivered me from my strong enemy , from those who hated me ; for they were stronger than I .
And putting all out , placing the knees Peter prayed . And turning to the body he said , Tabitha , Arise ! And she opened her eyes . And seeing Peter she sat up .
forsaking a straight path , they went astray , following the way of Balaam the son of Beor , who loved the wages of unrighteousness ,
For He has spoken somewhere about the seventh day this way , " And God rested from all His works in the seventh day . "

of Benjamin , Abidan the son of Gideoni ;
And as He was in Jerusalem , at the Passover , at the Feast , many believed into His name , seeing the miracles which He did .
And David went out before them , and answered and said to them , If you have come to me for peace , to help me , I have a heart to unite with yours . But if to betray me to my foe , there is no violence in my hand ; the God of our fathers shall see and reprove .
And he shall put a covering of dugong skins on it , and shall spread a garment entirely of blue on top , and shall put in its staves .
And the tabernacle of Jehovah that Moses had made in the wilderness , and the altar of the burnt offering , were at that time in the high place in Gibeon ;
crying out , Men , Israelites , help ! This is the man who teaches all everywhere against the people and the Law and this place . And even more , he also brought Greeks into the temple and has defiled this holy place .
And he said to the messengers of Ben-hadad , Say to my lord the king , All that you sent for to your servant at the first , I will do ; but this thing I am not able to do ; and the messengers went and took word back to him .
And he spoke to the congregation , saying , Please turn away from the tents of these wicked men , and do not touch anything that they have , lest you be consumed in all their sins .
Jesus said to her , Go , call your husband and come here .
for no hereafter shall be to the evil ; the lamp of the wicked will be put out .
And all nations shall call you blessed , for you shall be a delightful land , says Jehovah of hosts .
And it shall be , as Jehovah rejoiced over you to do you good , and to multiply you , so Jehovah shall rejoice over you to destroy you , and to lay you waste . And you shall be plucked from the land you are going to possess .
And seeing great crowds around Him , Jesus gave orders to go away to the other side .
How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! Jonathan is slain on your high places !
And it shall be a name of joy to Me , a praise and a glory to all the nations of the earth , which shall hear all the good that I do for them . And they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the peace that I do for it .
the son of Mattathias , the son of Amos , the son of Nahum , the son of Esli , the son of Naggai ,
And was also baptizing in Aenon , near Salim , for many waters were there . And they came and were being baptized .
But to the one not working , but believing on Him justifying the ungodly , his faith is counted for righteousness .
For the upright shall live in the land , and the perfect shall remain in it .
and Zechariah , and Aziel , and Shemiramoth , and Jehiel , and Unni , and Eliab , and Maaseiah , and Benaiah , with harps set to Alamoth ;
And Moses gave Gilead to Machir the son of Manasseh , and he lived in it .

I say to you , this one went down to his house having been justified , rather than that one . For everyone exalting himself will be humbled . And the one humbling himself will be exalted .
And foreigners shall stand and feed your flocks , and the sons of strangers shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers .
We have turned pale because we have heard reproach , dishonor has covered our faces . For foreigners have come into the holy places of the house of Jehovah .
And she rose up to glean . And Boaz commanded his young men , saying , She shall glean even between the sheaves , and you shall not cause her to be ashamed .
You forgot the Rock that brought you into being and ceased to care for God who formed you .
I will lay your cities waste , and you shall be a ruin . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
And another angel went forth out of the altar having authority over the fire . And he spoke with a great cry to the one having the sharp sickle , saying , Send your sharp sickle and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth , because its grapes are ripened .
So that your trust may be in Jehovah . I caused you to know today , even you .
even that not any could buy or sell , except the one having the mark , or the name of the beast , or the number of its name .
Why ? Because it was not of faith , but as of works of Law . For they stumbled at the Stone-of-stumbling ,
And instantly his ears were opened , and the bond of his tongue was loosened , and he spoke correctly .
And in Joppa was a certain disciple named Tabitha , which translated is called Dorcas Gazelle . She was full of good works and of alms which she did .
from Ezra was Meshullam ; from Amariah was Jehohanan ;
And they took the king and carried him up to the king of Babylon , to Riblah in the land of Hamath , where he gave judgments against him .
And they took away their livestock : their camels , fifty thousand ; and sheep , two hundred and fifty thousand ; and asses , two thousand ; and souls of men , a hundred thousand .
but to remain in the flesh is more necessary on account of you .
Of the sons of Naphtali , their generations , by their families , by their fathers' house , in the number of names , from a son of twenty years and upward , everyone able to go out to war :
With whom did He take counsel , and who trained Him and taught Him in the path of justice ; and taught Him knowledge , and made known to Him the way of discernment ?

Seeing him , Peter said to Jesus , Lord , and what of this one ?
Hodijah , Hashum , Bezai ,
And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings is at all eaten on the third day , it is not pleasing . It shall not be reckoned for him who has brought it . It shall be a hateful thing , and the person who eats of it shall bear his iniquity .
And he brought me to the temple and measured the pillars , six cubits wide from here , and six cubits wide from there , the width of the tent .
I bring near My righteousness ; it shall not be far off , and My salvation shall not wait ; I will place salvation in Zion , My glory for Israel .
And because you are sons , God sent forth the Spirit of His Son into your hearts , crying , Abba ! Father !
but they turned back and betrayed , like their fathers ; they veered aside like a deceitful bow .
And these were the sons of Zibeon , even Aiah and Anah ; he is the Anah who found the hot springs in the desert as he fed the asses for his father Zibeon .
And Saul said to his servants who were standing by him , Now hear , Benjamites . Will the son of Jesse also give to any of you fields and vineyards ? Will he make each of you commanders of thousands and commanders of hundreds ,
And Gideon said Because of this , when Jehovah has given Zebah and Zalmunna into my hand , I shall thresh your flesh with thorns of the wilderness and with briers .
And he who brought his offering the first day was Nahshon the son of Amminadab , of the tribe of Judah ;
and indeed those of the sons of Levi receiving the priesthood have a command to tithe the people according to Law , ( that is , from their brothers , though coming forth out of Abraham's loins ) ,
And you shall rejoice before Jehovah your God , you and your sons , and your daughters , and your male slaves , and your female slaves , and the Levite within your gates because he has no portion or inheritance with you .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
For he did not know what to say , for they were very fearful .
For if you were cut out of the natural wild olive tree , and against nature were grafted into a good olive tree , how much more these being according to nature will be grafted into their own olive tree ?
and I will put on you sinews and will bring flesh on you and spread skin over you and put breath in you , and you shall live . And you shall know that I am Jehovah .
I have spoken these things to you that My joy may abide in you , and your joy may be full .
And Solomon gave to Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat , food for his house ; and twenty measures of beaten oil . This Solomon gave to Hiram year by year .
The sons of Naphtali , according to their families : of Jahzeel , the family of the Jahzeelites ; of Guni , the family of the Gunites ;
Your first father sinned , and your interpreters transgressed against Me .
And they said , We are not able until all the flocks are gathered and they roll the stone from the mouth of the well ; then we water the sheep .
But for his relative who is near to him , for his mother , and for his father , and for his son , and for his daughter , and for his brother ,
And You made Your holy sabbath known to them , and You commanded commandments , statutes , and laws , to them by the hand of Your servant Moses .
And his servants said to him , Behold now , we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings . Please let us put sackcloth on our loins , and ropes on our heads , and we shall go to the king of Israel . It may be he will keep alive your life .
And Elijah the Tishbite , of the sojourners of Gilead , said to Ahab , As Jehovah the God of Israel lives , before whom I stand , there shall be no dew nor rain these years , except according to my word .
For I will set My eyes on them for good , and I will bring them again to this land . And I will build them and not tear down ; and I will plant them , and will not pluck up .
For You , O my God , You have uncovered the ear of Your servant , to build a house for him ; on this account Your servant has found to pray before You .
And the man said to Eli , I am he who has come from the ranks , and I fled today out of the battle line . And he said , How did the matter go , my son ?
And when he has finished atoning for the sanctuary , and the tabernacle of the congregation , and the altar , and has brought near the living goat ;
I am my Beloved's , and my Beloved is mine . He feeds among the lilies .
These are the families of Manasseh , and those numbered of them , fifty two thousand , seven hundred .
And David said to Ahimelech the priest , The king has commanded me a matter ; and he said to me , Do not let a man know anything of the matter about which I am sending you , and which I told you . And I have directed the young men to such and such a place .
Who is blind but My servant ? Or deaf , as My messenger whom I send ? Who is blind as he who is at peace , and blind as Jehovah's servant ?
The sons of Ramah and Geba , six hundred and twenty one .
It is better to dwell on a corner of a housetop , than with a contentious woman , and to share a house .
And He said to me , Go in and see the evil abominations that they are doing here .

And it will be when you shall say , Why does Jehovah our God do all these things to us ? Then you shall answer them , Just as you have forsaken Me and served foreign gods in your land , so you shall serve strangers in a land that is not yours .
And they called with a great voice in Jewish , against the people of Jerusalem who were on the wall , to frighten them and to terrify them , that they might capture the city .
And the ambush was sitting for her in an inner room . And she said to him , The Philistines are upon you , Samson ! And he broke the bowstrings like a thread of tow when it smells fire . And his strength was not known .
And it shall be when all these things have come on you , the blessing and the curse which I have set before you among all the nations where Jehovah your God shall drive you , you shall bring back to your heart these things ;
And you shall be maddened because of that which you shall see with the sight of your eyes .
And it shall be righteousness for us when we take heed to do all this commandment before Jehovah our God , as He has commanded us .
All my bones shall say : O Jehovah , who is like You , who delivers the poor from those stronger than he ; yes , the poor and needy from his plunderer ?
But let a man examine himself , and so let him eat of the bread , and let him drink of the cup ;
And you shall bring near the bullock before the tabernacle of the congregation . And Aaron and his sons shall lay their hands on he head of the bullock .
He measured the north side , five hundred reeds with the measuring reed , all around .
Look to Your covenant ; for the dark places of the earth are full , the abodes of violence .
And it happened when the sun shone , God had appointed a scorching east wind ; and the sun struck Jonah's head , so that he fainted ; and he asked for his life to die . And he said , Better is my death than my life .
and the food of his table , and the sitting of his servants , and the standing of his ministers , and their clothing , and his cupbearers and his burnt offering that he offered in the house of Jehovah ; and there was no more breath in her .
And Jesus rebuked him , saying , Be silent , and come out from him ! And throwing him into the midst , the demon came out from him , not harming him .

Listen , O daughter , and look , and incline your ear , and forget your people and your father's house .
with which Your enemies have cursed , O Jehovah ; with which they have cursed the footsteps of Your anointed .
But in a church I desire to speak five words with my mind , that I may also instruct others , than myriads of words in a foreign language .
Let them praise the name of Jehovah ; for He commanded , and they were created .
And at the Fountain Gate across from them , they went up by the stairs of the city of David , at the going up of the wall above the house of David , even to the Water Gate eastward .
beasts and all livestock , creeping things and birds of the wing ,
Shammah the Harodite ; Elika the Harodite ;
They plot to cause My people to forget My name by their dreams which they tell , each one to his neighbor , even as their fathers have forgotten My name for Baal .

And the people saw that Moses delayed to come down from the mountain . And the people gathered to Aaron . And they said to him , Rise up , make for us gods who may go before our face . As for this Moses , the man who brought us up from the land of Egypt , we do not know what has become of him .

And he said , Why is this , that my lord is pursuing his servant ? For what have I done , and what in my hand is evil ?
until Jehovah has given rest to your brothers , as well as to you , and they , even they have possessed the land which Jehovah your God is giving to them Then you may return to the land of your possession , and may possess it , which Moses the servant of Jehovah has given to you beyond the Jordan toward the rising of the sun .
And Saul saw the camp of the Philistines , and his heart trembled and he greatly feared .
And he said , You shall not pass through . And Edom came out against him with many people , and with a strong hand .
And Solomon dedicated the middle of the court that was before the house of Jehovah ; for he had offered there the burnt offerings , and the fat of the peace offerings ; for the bronze altar that Solomon had made was not able to contain the burnt offering , and the food offering , and the fat .
And being awakened , He rebuked the wind , and said to the sea , Silence ! Be still ! And the wind ceased , and there was a great calm .
They shall lay hold on bow and javelin ; they are cruel and have no mercy . Their voice roars like the sea ; and they ride on horses , arrayed like a man for the battle against you , O daughter of Zion .
And Saul said to the people with him , Make a count now and see who has gone from us . And they counted , and , behold , Jonathan and the armorbearer were not there .
The brother of Michah was Isshiah . Of the sons of Isshiah , Zechariah .
and blue , and purple , and crimson , and bleached linen , and goats' hair ,
Bless Jehovah , O my soul ! O Jehovah my God , You are very great ; You have put on honor and majesty ,
My son , give Me your heart , and let your eyes watch My ways .
Remember this : the enemy has defamed , O Jehovah ; and a foolish people have scorned Your name .
Why should I fear in the days of evil , when the perversity of my ambushers will surround me ?
from a son of thirty years and upward , even to a son of fifty years you shall number them , everyone who is going into the service , to do the work of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And number to yourself an army like the army that was lost from you , even horse for horse and chariot for chariot ; and we shall fight with them in the plain . Are we not stronger than they ? And he listened to their voice and did so .
But the ungodly in heart heap up anger ; they cry not when He has bound them .
Father , glorify Your name . Then a voice came out of the heaven : I both glorified it , and I will glorify it again .
I mused on my ways and turned my feet to Your testimonies .
And at the evening offering I rose up from my fasting , and with my garment and my robe torn , I even fell on my knees and spread out my hands to Jehovah my God .
When you go forth into camp against your enemies , then keep yourself from every evil thing .
And having ordered the centurion to keep Paul , and to have ease , and not to forbid anyone of his own to minister or to come to him , he dismissed them .
So they shall fear Jehovah's name from the sunset , and His glory from the sunrise . When the foe comes like a flood , the Spirit of Jehovah shall cause him to flee .
And the elders of Gilead said to Jephthah , Jehovah shall be witness between us ; surely we will do according to your word .

And , behold , another beast , a second , like a bear . And it was raised up on one side , and three ribs were in its mouth between its teeth . And they said this to it , Rise up , eat much flesh .
The beginning of strife is like the releasing of water , therefore leave off fighting before it breaks out .
So says Jehovah : In a favorable time I have answered You , and in a day of salvation I have helped You . And I will preserve You , and give You for a covenant of the people ; to establish the earth , to cause to inherit the desolated inheritances ;

He opens a shaft far from the visitor ; they are forgotten by man's foot ; they hang far from men ; they swing to and fro .
And you shall also say , Behold , your servant Jacob is behind us . For he said , I will cover his face by the present , the one going before my face , and afterward I will see his face ; perhaps he will lift up my face .
The sun shall be turned to darkness and the moon to blood , before the coming of the great and awesome day of Jehovah .
And , behold , a man having a withered hand was there . And they asked Him , saying , Is it lawful to heal on the sabbaths ? ( that they might accuse Him ) .
And if it is indeed stolen from him , he shall repay to its owner .
My bowels ! My bowels ! I convulse in pain . O walls of my heart ! My heart is restless within me . I cannot be silent , for I have heard , O my soul , the sound of the ram's horn , the alarm of war !
My soul is breaking for the longing to Your judgments in every season .
But working together , we also call on you not to receive the grace of God in vain .
For God is one , also there is one Mediator of God and of men , the Man Christ Jesus ,
For every first-born is Mine , from the day I struck every first-born in the land of Egypt , I have set apart to Myself every first-born in Israel , from men to animal . They are Mine . I am Jehovah .
And at the end of three days they had cut a covenant with them . And it happened that they heard that they were their neighbors , and they were living in their midst .
Because the sufferings of Christ abound in us , so also our comfort abounds through Christ .
The spirit of man is the lamp of Jehovah , searching all the inward parts of the heart .
And Achish said to his servants , Behold , you see the man is showing madness . Why do you bring him to me ?
And Herod the tetrarch heard all the things happening by Him , and was puzzled , because of the saying by some that John had been raised from the dead ,
And from above the expanse that was over their heads was an appearance like a sapphire stone , the likeness of a throne . And on the likeness of the throne was a likeness in appearance like a man on it from above .
And he removed to Babylon those who were left of the sword ; and they were slaves to him and to his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia ;
And Bethuel fathered Rebekah . Milcah bore these eight to Nahor , the brother of Abraham .
then it rises up into your heart , and you forget Jehovah your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of slaves ;
their food offering , and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , in their number , according to the ordinance ;

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying :
And it happened when Isaac was old and his eyes were dim for seeing , he called his elder son Esau and said to him , My son ! And he said to him , Behold me .
Ayin . I have done the just and right thing ; do not leave me to my oppressors .
And king Rehoboam consulted with the elders who had been standing before the face of his father Solomon while he was alive , saying , How do you advise in order to answer this people ?
God thunders wondrously with His voice ; He does great things , and we do not know .
You shall not have any other gods beside Me .
and sent Timothy , our brother and minister of God , and our fellow worker in the gospel of Christ , in order to establish you and to encourage you concerning your faith ,
But Saul , who is also Paul , being filled with the Holy Spirit , and looking intently on him ,
And the people rose up all that day , and all that night , and the day after , and gathered the quails ; he who had least had gathered ten homers . And they spread them out for themselves around the camp .
Then he answered and said , Whether he is a sinner , I do not know . One thing I do know ; that being blind , now I see .
And the men of Ashdod rose early on the next day . And , behold ! Dagon had fallen on its face to the earth before the ark of Jehovah ! And they took Dagon and put it back in its place .
Do not go out into the field or walk by the way , because of the sword of the enemy and terror from every side .
the seventh to Hakkoz , the eighth to Abijah ,
These waited on the king , besides those whom the king put in the fortified cities in all Judah .

Surely he shall not know ease in his belly ; he will not escape with his things of desire .
Is Israel a servant ? Or is he a servant of the house ? Why has he become a prey ?
And the sons of Shamer : Ahi , and Rohgah , Jehubbah , and Aram .


But you say , Whoever says to the father or the mother , A gift , whatever you would gain from me ;
And He said to him , What has been written in the Law ? How do you read it ?
And it happened when the slave of Abraham heard their words , he bowed himself to the earth to Jehovah .
And God said to Israel in visions of the night , and He spoke , Jacob ! Jacob ! And he answered , Behold me .
And again He entered into the synagogue . And there was a man who had a withering of the hand .
Righteousness keeps the upright one in the way , but wickedness subverts sin .
He who kills an ox is as if he struck a man ; he who sacrifices a lamb is as if he broke a dog's neck ; he who offers a present is as if it were swine's blood ; he who marks incense is as if he blessed an idol . Yea , they have chosen their way , and their soul delights in their abominations .
And Jacob said , Oh God of my father Abraham and God of my father Isaac , Jehovah , who said to me , Go back to your land and to your kindred and I will deal well with you .
For precept must be on precept , precept on precept ; line on line , line on line ; here a little , there a little .
And he said , Then I beg you , father , that you send him to my father's house ;
And it shall be when he is guilty of one of these , then he shall confess that in which he has sinned .
The ones fearing You will see me and rejoice ; for I hoped in Your word .

For the breast of the wave and the leg of the heave offering , I have taken from the sons of Israel , from the sacrifices of their peace offerings , and I have given them to Aaron the priest , and to his sons , by a never ending statute , from the sons of Israel .
As you rejoiced at the inheritance of the house of Israel because of desolation , so I will do to you . You shall be a ruin , O Mount Seir , and all Edom , all of it ! And they shall know that I am Jehovah .
Not that we rule over your faith , but we are fellow-workers of your joy . For by faith you stand .
And the kingdom and rulership , and the greatness of the kingdom under all the heavens shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High , whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom . And all kingdoms shall serve and obey Him .
And it happened , when Hiram heard the words of Solomon , he rejoiced exceedingly , and said , Blessed be Jehovah today , who has given to David a wise son over this great people .
Because of this , his parents said , He is of age , ask him .
I bought slaves and slave girls , and the sons of the house were mine . Also livestock , a herd and a great flock were mine , above all that were before me in Jerusalem .
And the sword shall come on Egypt , and anguish shall be in Ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in Egypt . And they shall take her host , and her foundations shall be razed .
And it happened , when Jehu was executing judgment on the house of Ahab , that he found the leaders of Judah , and the sons of the brothers of Ahaziah , the servants of Ahaziah , and killed them .
Will he multiply pleas for help to you ; or will he speak soft words to you ?
In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah , Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came to Jerusalem and besieged it .
Then Zerubbabel , the son of Shealtiel , and Joshua , the son of Jehozadak , the high priest , and all the remnant of the people , obeyed the voice of Jehovah their God , and the words of the prophet , as Jehovah their God had sent him . And the people feared before Jehovah .
that He might show in the coming ages the exceeding great riches of His grace in kindness toward us in Christ Jesus .
And " do not be drunk with wine , " in which is debauchery , but be filled by the Spirit ,
Because he has set his love on Me , therefore I will deliver him ; I will set Him on high because He has known My name .

Because , even because they made My people go astray , saying , Peace ! and there was no peace . And he builds a wall , and , behold , others daubed it with lime .

For whoever has , to him will be given , and he will have overabundance . But whoever does not have , even what he has will be taken from him .
The men of Nebo , fifty two .
Jehovah lives ! And blessed is the rock of my salvation .
Be silent from me , that I may speak ; and let what will pass over me .
And Miriam answered to them , Sing to Jehovah , for surely He has triumphed gloriously ; He has thrown the horse and its rider into the sea .
But what does it say ? " The word is near you , in your mouth and in your heart " ( that is , the word of faith which we proclaim ) .
You shall not testify a witness of falsehood against your neighbor .
For I am full of words ; the spirit inside me pressed on me ;
Jarmuth , and Adullam , Socoh , and Azekah ,
He will return to show us compassion ; He will trample our iniquities . Yea , You will cast all their sins into the depths of the sea .
But Jesus answered them , saying , The hour has come that the Son of man should be glorified .
but to write to them to hold back from the pollutions of idols , and from fornication , and that strangled , and blood .
And I will restore to you the years which the swarming locust has eaten , the locust larvae , and the stripping locust , and the cutting locust , My great army which I sent among you .
For you also do it toward the brothers in all Macedonia . But , brothers , we exhort you to abound more .
" Be angry but do not sin ; " do not let the sun go down on your wrath ,
Jerusalem has grievously sinned ; on account of this , she has been removed . All the ones knowing her despise her , for they saw her nakedness . Also , she groans and turns backward .
And the men were working faithfully in the work . And over them were given the oversight : Jahath and Obadiah , the Levites , of the sons of Merari , and Zechariah , and Meshullam , of the sons of the Kohathites ; and of the Levites all who were skilled in musical instruments ;
And if he shall sanctify his field after the jubilee , then the priest shall count to him the silver according to the years which are left , to the year of the jubilee . And it shall be deducted from your estimation .
You shall make a window in the ark , and you shall finish it above to a cubit . And you shall set the door of the ark in its side . You shall make it with lower , second , and third stories .
But thanks be to God , He always leading us in triumph in Christ , and the One revealing through us the odor of the knowledge of Him in every place .
The sons of Elam , a thousand two hundred and fifty four .
Cry out again , saying , So says Jehovah of hosts : My cities shall again overflow with goodness , and Jehovah shall yet comfort Zion , and shall yet choose Jerusalem .
also my fellow-workers Mark , Aristarchus , Demas , and Luke .
This He ordained as a testimony in Joseph , when He went out over the land of Egypt ; I heard a lip I did not understand .
And his heart was exalted in the ways of Jehovah . And he again removed the high places and the Asherahs out of Judah .
There is none that understands , there is " not one that seeks after God .
And Jehovah hardened Pharaoh king of Egypt's heart . And he pursued the sons of Israel . And the sons of Israel were going out with a high hand .
And now , are you at all any better than Balak the son of Zippor , the king of Moab ? Did he indeed ever strive with Israel ? Did he ever fight against them ?
And He said , I am the God of your fathers , the God of Abraham , the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob . And Moses hid his face , for he feared to look upon God .
And they shall have the cities to live in , and their open lands shall be for their livestock , and for their substance , and for all their animals .
And he arranged the wood , and cut the bullock in pieces , and placed it on the wood , and said , Fill four water jars of water and pour on the burnt offering and on the wood .
and Johanan fathered Azariah , he who acted in the priest's office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem .

Jehovah will command His loving-kindness by day , and His song shall be with me in the night , a prayer to the God of my life .
and ten rulers with him , one ruler each for the house of a father , for all the tribes of Israel , and each of them a head of the house of their fathers , for the thousands of Israel .

Then a great crowd of the Jews learned that He was there . And they did not come because of Jesus alone , but that they also might see Lazarus whom He raised from the dead .
So are the paths of all those forgetting God ; and the hope of the ungodly shall perish ;
Then He put water into the basin and began to wash the feet of the disciples , and to wipe off with the towel with which He was girded .

But you shall remember Jehovah your God , for it is He who gives to you power to get wealth ; that He may establish His covenant which He swore to your fathers , as this day .
And if an alien lives with you , or whoever may be among you , throughout your generations , and desires to offer a fire offering of a soothing fragrance to Jehovah ; as you do , so he shall do .
Only , because you have made the enemies of Jehovah to scorn derisively by this thing , also the son who shall be born to you shall surely die .
Oh that You would tear the heavens and come down , that mountains would quake before You .
at that time Jehovah spoke by the son of Amoz , saying , Go and loosen the sackcloth from your loins , and take your shoe off from your foot . And he did so , walking naked and barefoot .
And Samuel was serving before Jehovah , a boy girded with an ephod of linen .
And Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said :
He sits in the hiding places of the villages ; in the secret places he murders the innocent ; his eyes watch against the poor .
And if it is not redeemed until a full year is complete , then the house in the walled city shall be established to perpetuity to its buyer , throughout his generations ; it shall not go out in the jubilee .
You have said , It is vain to serve God . And , What profit is it that we have kept His charge , and that we have walked as mourners before Jehovah of hosts ?
And Segub fathered Jair , who had twenty three cities in the land of Gilead .
And he spoke to his sons , saying , Saddle the ass for me . And they saddled .
who is an earnest of our inheritance , to the redemption of the purchased possession , to the praise of His glory .
and we have the more established prophetic word , in which you do well to take heed , as to a lamp shining in a murky place , until day dawns and the Day-star rises in your hearts ;
And you shall make a difference between the clean animals and the unclean , and between the unclean fowl and the clean . And you shall not defile yourself by beast or by fowl , or by anything which swarms the ground , which I have set apart to you as unclean ;
And afterward , says Jehovah , I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah , and his servants , and the people , and those who remain in this city from the plague , from the sword , and from the famine , into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and into the hand of their enemies , and into the hand of those who seek their life . And he shall strike them with the mouth of the sword ; he shall not spare them , nor have pity , nor have compassion .
And answering , Jesus said , O unbelieving and having been perverted generation , how long shall I be with you and endure you ? Bring your son here .
And though these three men were in its midst , Noah , Daniel , and Job , by their righteousness they should deliver only their souls , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And Samuel did what Jehovah said , and came to Bethlehem . And the elders of the city trembled to meet him , and said , Do you come in peace ?
and the sons of Samuel : Joel , the first-born ; and the second , even Abijah .
For the Son of man is also Lord of the sabbath .
And his mother's brothers spoke all these words about him in he ears of all the leaders of Shechem , and their heart inclined after Abimelech . For they said , He is our brother .
And because of this , God will send to them a working of error , for them to believe the lie ,
Woe to shepherds who destroy and scatter the sheep of My pasture , says Jehovah .
The good man brings forth good out of the good treasure of his heart . And the evil man brings forth evil out of the evil treasure of his heart , for his mouth speaks out of the abundance of his heart .
And he said , This is the privilege of the king who shall reign over you . He shall take your sons and shall appoint them for himself among his chariots , and among his horsemen . And they shall run before his chariots .

And the men of Kirjath-jearim came and brought up the ark of Jehovah , and brought it to the house of Abinadab , in the hill . And they sanctified his son Eleazar to keep the ark of Jehovah .
And God said to Noah , This is the sign of the covenant which I have established between Me and all flesh that is on the earth .

And I will deliver you and this city out of the king of Assyria's hand . And I will shield over this city .
and it happened , when Jezebel cut off the prophets of Jehovah , that Obadiah had taken a hundred prophets and had hidden them , fifty men in a cave , and had fed them with bread and water )
The Lord at Your right hand shatters kings in the day of His anger .
and coming , he who invited you will say to you , Give this one place . And then you begin with shame to take the last place .
And these words which I am commanding you today shall be on your heart .
And he went down and talked with the woman . And she was pleasing in the eyes of Samson .

Amalek lives in the land of the Negeb , and the Hittite , and the Jebusite , and the Amorite live in the hills . And the Canaanite is living by the sea , and beside the Jordan .
And they pulled up from Succoth and camped at Etham , which is in the edge of the wilderness .

And Sheva was the scribe , and Zadok and Abiathar the priests .
And I heard a voice in the midst of the four living creatures saying , A choenix of wheat for a denarius , and three choenixes of barley for a denarius ; and do not harm the oil and the wine .

But if you make known the dream , you shall receive gifts and a present and great honor from before me . Therefore , reveal the dream and its meaning to me .
so that he may not come suddenly and find you sleeping .
And forty days were fulfilled , for so are fulfilled the days of those embalmed . And Egypt wept for him seventy days .


And Jesus said to him , Go , your faith has healed you . And instantly he saw again , and followed Jesus in the highway .
But if anyone thinks it behaving indecently toward his virginity ( if he is beyond his prime , and so it ought to be ) , let him do what he desires ; he does not sin ; let them marry .
And the Sabeans fell on , and took them away . And they killed the young men with the edge of the sword ; and I , I alone have escaped to tell you .
Behold , I tell you beforehand .

My God shall reject them because they did not listen to Him ; and they shall be wanderers among the nations .
And the Old Gate was repaired by Jehoiada the son of Paseah , and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah . They laid its beams , and set up its doors , and its locks , and its bars .
And I heard another voice out of Heaven saying , My people , come out of her , that you may not share in her sins , and that you may not receive of her plagues ;
eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot ,
Or do you think that vainly the Scripture says , The spirit which has dwelt in us yearns to envy ? No OT passage
The young man said to Him , All these things I have kept from my youth . What do I still lack ?
Have you not just now called to Me , saying , My father , You are the friend of my youth ?
the lotus trees cover him in its shadow ; the willows of the torrent circle him .
And it shall be , as every good thing which Jehovah your God has spoken to you comes to you , so shall Jehovah bring on you every evil thing , until He destroys you from off this good land which Jehovah your God has given to you ,
But I stormed them away on all the nations whom they did not know . And the land is desolated behind them , from passing and from returning ; for they made the land of desire a waste .
He struck Edom in the Valley of Salt , ten thousand , and captured the Rock by war , and called its name Joktheel to this day .
And he sees a chariot , a couple of horsemen ; a chariot of an ass ; a chariot of a camel ; and let him bow attentively , very attentively .

For the terrible one is brought to nothing ; and the scorner is ended ; and all that watch for evil are cut off ;

And you shall write on the stones all the words of the law very plainly .
And Jehovah said to me , Amos , what do you see ? And I said , A plumb line . And the Lord said , Behold , I will set a plumb line in the midst of My people Israel . I will not again pass over him any more .

Is not Calno like Carchemish ? Is Hamath not like Arpad ? Is Samaria not like Damascus ?
And he put the slave-girls and their children first ; and Leah and her children behind : and Rachel and Joseph last .
aged men to be temperate , sensible , discreet , sound in faith , in love , in patience ;
And Ahaz lay with his fathers , and they buried him in the city , in Jerusalem , but did not bring him to the graves of the kings of Israel . and his son Hezekiah reigned in his place .
The vision of Obadiah : So says the Lord Jehovah concerning Edom : We have heard a message from Jehovah , and a messenger is sent among the nations ; rise up , and let us rise up against her for battle .
And the chiliarch answered , I bought this citizenship with a great sum . And Paul said , But I even was born free .
Therefore , encourage one another , and build up one another , as you indeed do .
The one saying to be in the light , and hating his brother , is in the darkness until now .
But Jesus said to him , No one putting his hand on the plow , and looking at the things behind , is fit for the kingdom of God .
For a day in Your courts is better than a thousand ; I have chosen to stand at the threshold in the house of my God rather than to dwell in the tents of wickedness .
Assemble the people , men and women , and the little ones , and your alien who is within your gates , so that they may hear , and so that they may learn , and may fear Jehovah your God , and take heed to do all the words of this law ;
one is so near to another that no air can come between them ;

He shall cry to Me , My Father , You are My God , and the rock of my salvation .
And next to them Melatiah of Gibeon repaired , and Jadon of Meron , the men of Gibeon and of Mizpah , to the throne of the governor Beyond the River .
I am not afraid of myriads of people who have been set against me all around .
the son of Shallum , the son of Zadok , the son of Ahitub ,
My eye mourns because of affliction ; O Jehovah , I have called on You every day ; I have spread out my hands to You .
And the rest of the acts of Zimri , and his conspiracy that he made , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?
Then they said to him , Where is that one ? He said , I do not know .
And Aaron shall wave the Levites as a wave offering before Jehovah , from the sons of Israel , that they may serve at the service of Jehovah .
Silver beaten into plates is brought from Tarshish , and gold from Uphaz , the work of the craftsman and the hands of the goldsmith . Violet and purple is their clothing ; they are all the works of skillful ones .
And it happened while they were in the highway , even the report had come to David , saying , Absalom has stricken all the sons of the king , and not one of them is left .
Let everything that breathes praise Jehovah . Praise Jehovah !
And after these things , departing from Athens , Paul came to Corinth .
And Jonathan answered Saul , David earnestly asked of me to go to Bethlehem .
For the voice of lament is heard from Zion . How we are ravaged ! We are greatly ashamed because we have forsaken the land ; because they have thrown down our dwellings .
And He said to me , The iniquity of the house of Israel and of Judah is very great , and the land is filled with blood , and the city is full of perversity . For they say , Jehovah has forsaken the land ; and , Jehovah does not see .
And Moses said to Aaron , What has this people done to you that you have made to come on them a great sin ?
Is escape for them by iniquity ? In anger the peoples cast down , O God .
And their goods shall become a prize , and their houses a waste . They shall also build houses , but not live there . And they shall plant vineyards , but not drink their wine .
And Rehoboam took a wife for himself , Mahalath , the daughter of Jerimoth , the son of David ; Abihail the daughter of Eliab , the son of Jesse .
They have shed their blood like water all around Jerusalem , and there is no one burying .
You are my brother ; you are my bone and my flesh . And why are you the last to bring back the king ?
Shall I not visit them for these things ? says Jehovah . Or shall not My soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?

And it happened , from that time on , half of my servants worked in the work , and the other half of them were holding the spears , the shields , and the bows , and the scale-armor . And the rulers were behind all the house of Judah .


And Babylon shall become heaps , a home for jackals , a horror and a hissing , without a dweller .
And moved with pity , Jesus touched their eyes . And instantly their eyes received sight , and they followed Him .
And in the seventh month , on the first of the month you shall have a holy gathering ; you shall do no work of service . It shall be a day of blowing the trumpets to you .
And also , to the alien who is not of Your people Israel , and has come from a land afar off for Your name's sake ,
I will be as the dew to Israel ; he shall blossom as the lily and cast out his roots like Lebanon .
then the priest shall count to him the amount of your valuation to the year of jubilee . And he shall give your valuation in that day , a holy thing to Jehovah .

And Jehovah said , Behold , the people is one , and the lip one to all of them , and this they are beginning to do , and now all which they have purposed to do will not be restrained from them .
And His mother and His brothers came to Him , and were not able to come up with Him through the crowd .
I was looking in the night visions . And behold ! One like the Son of Man came with the clouds of the heavens . And He came to the Ancient of Days . And they brought Him near before Him .
And David said to God , Was it not I , I who said to number the people ? Yea , it was I who sinned , and truly have done evil ; and these , the flock , what have they done ? O Jehovah , my God , I pray You , let Your hand be on me and on my father's house , and not on Your people , to be plagued .
But the desert creatures shall lie there ; and their houses shall be full of howling creatures ; and daughters of ostriches shall dwell there ; and he goats shall skip there .
to the praise of the glory of His grace in which He favored us in the One having been loved ,
And we also asked their names in order to inform you so that we might write the names of the men who are at their heads .
whose sifting fan is in His hand ; and He will fully purge His threshing-floor , and will gather the wheat into His barn , but He will burn : the chaff with fire that cannot be put out .
And Jehovah commanded me at that time to teach you statutes and ordinances , for you to do them in the land which you shall pass over to possess it .
And David said to Ahimelech , Is there not here under your hand spear or sword ? For I have taken neither my sword or my weapons , for the king's matter was urgent .
For many of the people , many from Ephraim , and Manasseh , Issachar , and Zebulun had not been cleansed , but ate the passover otherwise than was written . But Hezekiah prayed for them , saying , O good Jehovah , provide atonement for
For the cry has gone around Moab's borders ; his howling even to Eglaim ; and his howling even to the Well of Elim .
And Jehovah was with Jehoshaphat , for he walked in the first ways of his father David ; and he did not seek to the Baals .
And the lot eastward fell to Shelemiah . And for his son Zechariah , a wise counselor , they made fall lots ; and his lot came out northward ;
Pray then that the Lord of the harvest may send out workers into His harvest .
And Pharaoh said to him , Go away from me . Be careful for yourself . Do not see my face again , for in the day you see my face you shall die .
O house of Israel , can I not do to you as this potter ? says Jehovah Behold , as the clay in the potter's hand , so are you in My hand , O house of Israel .
And Saul asked of Jehovah , but Jehovah did not answer him , either by dreams , or by Urim , or by prophets .
It is sharpened in order to slaughter a slaughter . It is polished so that there may be a flash to it . Or shall we rejoice ? You are despising the rod of My son , as if it were every tree .

And David was not willing to bring the ark of Jehovah to himself , to the city of David . And David turned it aside to the house of Obed-edom the Gittite .
And you speak to the sons of Israel , saying , You shall surely keep My sabbaths ; for it is a sign between Me and you for your generation ; to know that I am Jehovah your sanctifier .
You lay into your ears these sayings , for the Son of man is about to be betrayed into the hands of men .
You shall not seek their peace nor their prosperity all your days , perpetually .
But He said to them , I AM ! Do not fear .
Because you saw that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands , and that it broke the iron , the bronze , the clay , the silver , and the gold in pieces . The great God has made known to the king what shall occur after this . And the dream is certain , and the meaning of it is trustworthy .
And Hazael went to meet him and took a present in his hand , even of every good thing from Damascus , a burden of forty camels . And he came in and stood before him , and said , Your son Ben-hadad , the king of Syria has sent me to you , saying , Shall I revive from this sickness ?
And Jehovah God took the man and put him into the Garden of Eden , to work it and to keep it .
He shall rain snares on the wicked ; fire and brimstone and a scorching wind shall be the portion of their cup .
While I am in the world , I am the Light of the world .

Only , keep a distance between you and it , about two thousand cubits by measure . You shall not come near it , so that you may know the way in which you are to go . For you have not crossed over this way yesterday and the day before .

For He was teaching them as having authority , and not as the scribes .
And when a man opens a pit , or when a man digs a pit , and does not cover it , and an ox or an ass falls into it ,
Are you better than No Amon that dwelt among the Nile branches , waters surrounding her , whose rampart was the sea , the waters her wall ?
In that time I will bring you , even in the time I gather you . For I will give you for a name and for a praise among all the peoples of the earth , when I turn back your captivity before your eyes , says Jehovah .
Nor shall you swear by your head , because you are not able to make one hair white or black .
And I will bring it forth , says Jehovah of hosts . And it shall go into the house of the thief , and into the house of the one who swears falsely by My name . And it shall remain in the midst of his house , and shall devour it , and its timber , and its stones .
and if the house truly is worthy , let your peace come upon it . But if it is not worthy , let your peace return to you .
And he shall take the two goats and shall cause them to stand before Jehovah , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And leading them outside , he said , Sirs , what must I do that I may be saved ?
And Jehovah said to Cain , Where is your brother Abel ? And he said , I do not know . Am I my brother's keeper ?
And from the sons of Bani : Meshullam , Malluch , and Adaiah , Jashub , and Sheal , Jeremoth .
you shall not pollute yourselves with any swarming thing which swarms , nor shall you make yourselves unclean with them , so that you should be defiled by them .
and his first-born son was Abdon , and Zur , and Kish , and Baal , and Ner , and Nadab ,
And passing through the Phrygian and the Galatian country , being forbidden by the Holy Spirit to speak the Word in Asia ,
And it happened at the time Saul was to give his daughter Merab to David , she was given to Adriel the Meholathite for a wife .
I revealed Your name to the men whom You gave to Me out of the world . They were Yours , and You gave them to Me ; and they have kept Your Word .
Behold , the ark of the covenant of Jehovah of all the earth shall pass over before you into the Jordan .
Be strong , and we shall strengthen ourselves for our people and for the cities of our God ; and Jehovah will do that which is good in His eyes .
They who go down to the sea in ships , who work in the great waters ;
And He spoke to His disciples that a small boat should stay near to Him because of the crowd , that they might not press upon Him .

And it was told to Saul , saying , Behold , David is in Naioth in Ramah .
And going forth on the morrow , taking out two denarii , he gave them to the innkeeper , and said to him , Care for him , and whatever more you spend , on my return I will repay to you .
And burned Ai , and made it a heap forever , a desolation to this day .
O Jehovah my God , help me ; save me according to Your mercy ;

But without contradiction , the lesser is blessed by the better .
And they shall bring all your brothers out of all nations , an offering to Jehovah , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on camels , to My holy mountain Jerusalem , says Jehovah ; as the sons of Israel bring the offering in a clean vessel to the house of Jehovah .
And I will pour out on you My disgust ; with the fire of My wrath I will blow against you and give you into the hand of burning men , skilled in destruction .
Therefore , take the talent from him and give it to him who has the ten talents .
And the men were terrified with fear and said to him , What is this you have done ? For the men knew that he was fleeing from before the face of Jehovah , because he had told them .
And in the fourth generation they shall come here again ; for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full
And the men said to her , Our life is yours . If you do not tell this business of ours , then it shall be , when Jehovah gives this land to us that we shall deal with you in kindness and truth .

But I withdrew My hand and acted for My name's sake , that it should not be profaned in the eyes of the nations , from whom I brought them out in their eyes .
For it seemed good to the Holy Spirit and to us to put not one greater burden on you than these necessary things :
There the workers of evil have fallen ; they are cast down and are not able to rise .
And hearing that it was Jesus the Nazarene , he began to cry out and to say , Son of David , Jesus , have mercy on me !
Were you called as a slave ? It does not matter to you . But if you are able to be free , rather use it .
For You , O Lord , are good and ready to forgive , and rich in mercy to all who call on You .
And the mother-in-law of Simon was laid out , stricken by fever . And at once they spoke to Him about her .
The blessing of Jehovah , it makes rich , and he adds no pain with it .
But I have chosen Jerusalem for My name to be there , and I have chosen David to be over My people Israel .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
I am like a wonder to many , but You are my strong tower .
But I do not wish you to be ignorant , brothers , that often I purposed to come to you , and was kept back until the present , that I might have some fruit among you also , even as among the other nations .
I also cut off three shepherds in one month . And My soul despised them , and their soul also detested Me .
But it happened when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against the land , then we said , Come , and let us go to Jerusalem , because of the army of the Chaldeans and because of the army of the Syrians . And we live in Jerusalem .
And they rose up and fled in the twilight , and left their tents , and their horses , and their asses , and the camp as it was . And they fled for their life .
As they were increased , so they sinned against Me . I will change their glory into shame .
and He brought me out to a large place ; He delivered me , for He delighted in me .
But having chosen Silas , Paul went out , being commended to the grace of God by the brothers
And Micaiah declared to them all the words that he had heard when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people .
Of the sons of Elizaphan , Shemaiah the chief , and his brothers , two hundred .
And as they were going along the highway they came on some water . And the eunuch said , Behold , water ! What prevents me from being baptized ?
Your silver has become dross ; your wine is diluted with water .
It is like a grain of mustard , which , when it is sown on the earth , it is less than all the seeds of those on the earth .
Remember what Amalek did to you by the way as you came forth out of Egypt ;
so that they shall fear You all the days that they are living on the face of the land that You have given to our fathers .
And , behold , the man clothed with linen , with the ink horn at his loins , reported the matter , saying , I have done as You commanded me .
And we possessed this land at that time : from Aroer by the valley of Arnon , and half the hill country of Gilead And its cities I gave to the Reubenites and to the Gadites .
Our fathers ate the manna in the wilderness , as it is written " He gave them bread out of Heaven to eat . "
Or if a person swears , speaking rashly with the lips , to do evil , or to do good , anything which the man speaks rashly with an oath . and it is hidden from him , and he knows , then he is guilty of one of these .

He strikes them for evil deeds in the place of the spectators ,
Do not declare it in Gath ; do not sorely weep . In the house of Leaphrah wallow in dust .
And Pharaoh said , Behold , the people of the land are many now , and you make them cease from their burdens .
And fear took hold of all ; and they glorified God , saying , A great prophet has risen up among us ; and , God has visited His people .
And some were these things , but you were washed , but you were sanctified , but you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus , and in the Spirit of our God .
And your seed shall be as the dust of the earth , and you shall spread to the west and to the east and to the north and to the south ; and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you and in your seed .
And Solomon awoke , and behold , it was a dream ! And he came into Jerusalem and stood before the ark of the covenant of Jehovah , and offered burnt offerings , and made peace offerings . And he made a banquet for all his servants .
He delivers me from my enemies ; yea , You lift me up from among those rising up against me . You have delivered me from the violent man .
And he said to them , What have I done now in comparison to you ? Are not the gleanings of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abiezer ?
And as they ate , taking the bread and blessing it , Jesus broke and gave to the disciples , and said , Take , eat ; this is My body .
And His disciples asked Him , saying , Teacher , who sinned , this one , or his parents , that he was born blind ?
and doing kindness to thousands of those who love Me and keep My commandments .
And a voice came to him , Rise up , Peter , slay and eat .
Sow to yourselves in righteousness , reap as mercy . Break up your plowed ground . For it is time to seek Jehovah , until He comes and rains righteousness on you .


And they said , An Egyptian man rescued us from the hand of the shepherds , and he also drew for us and watered the flock .
You shall give of the first of your dough to Jehovah , a heave offering for your generations .

And he said , Do you know why I have come to you ? And now I will return to fight with the ruler of Persia . And when I have gone out , then , lo , the ruler of Greece shall come .
I have made the earth , the man , and the animals on the face of the earth , by My great power , and by My outstretched arm ; and I have given it to whom it seemed right in My eyes .
then You shall hear from Heaven , from Your dwelling place their prayer and their supplications , and shall maintain their cause , and forgive Your people who have sinned against You .
And the chief of the cupbearers spoke with Pharaoh , saying , I mention my sin today .
one glory of the sun , and another glory of the moon , and another glory of the stars ; for star differs from star in glory .


I will make My arrows drunk with blood , and My sword shall devour flesh , with the blood of the slain and of the captives , from the hairy head of the enemy .
Benaiah the Pirathonite ; Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash ;
a time to love , and a time to hate ; a time of war , and a time of peace .
Wisdom is too high for a fool , he does not open his mouth in the gate .

But the people are many , and it is a time of heavy rain . And we are not able to stand outside . And the work is not of one or two days . For we have greatly sinned in this thing .

And I took hold on my concubine , and cut her in pieces , and sent her into all the land of the inheritance of Israel . For they have done evil and folly in Israel .
And on his hand , Jehohanan the chief , and two hundred and eighty thousand with him .
Javan , Tubal and Meshech , they were your merchants , they gave the souls of men and vessels of bronze for your goods .
And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites and with him three thousand , seven hundred ;
Those who buy them kill them and are not held guilty . And those who sell them say , Blessed be Jehovah , for I am rich . And their shepherds do not pity them .
Shall the axe glorify itself over him chopping with it ? Or shall the saw magnify itself over him moving it ? As if a rod could wave those who lift it . As if a staff could raise what is not wood !
Shall one try a word with you , you who are weary ? But who can hold back with words ?
And Israel sent messengers to Sihon , the king of the Amorites the king of Heshbon , and Israel said to him , Please let us pass on through your land , to my place .
We have heard the pride of Moab , he is exceeding proud ; his loftiness , and his pride , and his arrogance , and his elevated heart .
By the great force of my disease my garment is disfigured ; it chokes me like the mouth of my coat .
A Song . A Psalm of Asaph . O God do not keep silence to Yourself ; do not be speechless ; yea , do not be still , O God .
Behold , I am coming quickly . Blessed is the one keeping the words of the prophecy of this Book .
And they sent to Jezebel , saying , Naboth has been stoned and is dead .
You have heard their reproach , O Jehovah , all their plots against me ,
And you shall pay the silver for whatever your soul desires , for oxen , or for sheep , or for wine , or for fermented drink , or for whatever your soul desires . And you shall eat there before Jehovah your God , and you shall rejoice you and your household
And to the sons of Aaron , they gave the cities of refuge : Hebron , and Libnah and its open lands ; and Jattir , and Eshtemoa and its open lands ;
And the Angel of Jehovah charged Joshua , saying ,
A man great of fury will have to pay the fine , for if you deliver him , then you must do it again .
But if you have bitter jealousy and contention in your heart , do not boast and lie against the truth .
Son of man , set your face against Mount Seir , and prophesy against it .
So let no one glory in men ; for all things are yours ,
And I came to Jerusalem , and understood the evil which Eliashib did for Tobiah , in preparing a room for him in the courts of the house of God .


And he shall take a blue cloth and shall cover the lampstand of the lamp , and its lights , and its tongs , and its firepans , and all its oil vessels with which they minister to it .
And they came to and said to him , Teacher , the one who was with you beyond the Jordan , to whom you have witnessed , behold , this one baptizes , and all are coming to Him .
And it happened , in the time Apollos was in Corinth , Paul was passing through the higher parts to come to Ephesus . And finding some disciples ,
For all these out of their abundance put into the gifts to God , but she out of her poverty put in all the living which she had .
But you turned and profaned My name , and each man caused his male slave , and each man his female slave , to return whom you had sent away according to their desire . And you subjected them to be slaves and female slaves to you .

Give wings to Moab , for it will fly away ; and its cities shall be a desert , without an inhabitant in them .
O the depth of the riches and of the wisdom and the knowledge of God ! How unsearchable are His judgments and His ways past finding out !
Fools laugh at guilt offering , but among the righteous is favor .
At the mouth of Aaron , and of his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites , and all their burden , and all their service . And you shall lay a charge on them concerning the duty of all their burden .
And the sons of Korah : Assir , and Elkanah , and Abiasaph . These were the families of the Korahites .
Discipline is grievous to him who forsakes the way , he who hates reproof shall die .
For tonight stood by me an angel of God , whose I am , and whom I serve ,
They shall not live in the land of Jehovah . But Ephraim shall return to Egypt , and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria .
And the second angel trumpeted . And as a great mountain burning with fire was thrown into the sea . And the third part of the sea became blood ;
The " God of Abraham and Isaac and Jacob , " " the God of our fathers , " glorified His child Jesus , whom you delivered up , and denied Him in the presence of Pilate , that one having decided to set Him free .
so that your generations shall know that I caused the sons of Israel to live in booths , when I brought them out of the land of Egypt ; I am Jehovah your God .

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And he said to them , So says Jehovah , God of Israel , each one put his sword on his thigh ; pass to and fro from gate to gate in the camp , and each one kill his brother , and each one his neighbor , and each one his kindred .

Because of this , receive one another as Christ also received us , to the glory of God .
Why do You hide Your face and forget our affliction and distress ?
of whom are Hymenaeus and Alexander , whom I delivered to Satan , that they may be taught not to blaspheme .
because of the day that comes to destroy all the Philistines , to cut off from Tyre and Sidon every survivor who helps . For Jehovah will plunder the Philistines , the rest of the coast of Caphtor .
And it happened in these days , He went out into the mountain to pray . And He was spending the night in prayer to God .
And one carried portions from before him to them , and Benjamin's portion was greater than the portions of all of them , five hands . And they drank and were drunken with him .
who subsisting in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God ,
These you shall eat of all in the waters : you shall eat all that have fins and scales .
But if you seek concerning other things , it will be settled in a lawful assembly .
At the Parbar , westward , four at the highway ; two at the Parbar .
and Jahazah , and Kedemoth , and Mephaath ;
And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead , and he took her when he was a son of sixty years . And she bore him Segub .
And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah , and struck their tents , and the homes found there , and completely destroyed them until this day . And they lived in their places , because there was pasture there for their flocks .
He made you hear His voice out of the heavens , that He might discipline you ; and He made you to see His great fire on earth ; and you heard His word from the midst of the fire .
And Moab said to the elders of Midian , Now this assembly is licking up all that is around us , as the ox licks up the grass of the field . And Balak the son of Zippor was king of Moab at that time .
But a certain traveling Samaritan came upon him , and seeing him , he was filled with pity .
And the One who sent Me is with Me . The Father did not leave Me alone , for I do the things pleasing to Him always .
And at once going out of the synagogue , they came into the house of Simon and Andrew , with James and John .
I confessed my sin to You , and I have not hidden my iniquity ; I said , I will confess over my transgression to Jehovah ; and You forgave the iniquity of my sin . Selah .
And Jehovah again appeared in Shiloh . For Jehovah revealed Himself to Samuel in Shiloh , by the word of Jehovah .
And their scribes and the Pharisees murmured at His disciples , saying , Why do you eat and drink with tax collectors and sinners ?
You have fixed the boundaries of the earth ; You have formed the summer and winter .
and his tail drew the third part of the stars of the heaven , and he throws them to the earth . And the dragon stood before the woman being about to bear , so that when she bears he might devour her child .
And he commanded the one over his house , saying , Fill the sacks of the men with food , as much as they are able to carry ; and put the silver of each one in the mouth of his sack .
Jehovah also will be a refuge for the oppressed , a refuge in times of distress .
The lofty eyes of man shall be humbled , and the pride of men shall be bowed down ; but Jehovah , He alone , will be exalted in that day .
But the wicked shall perish , and the enemies of Jehovah shall be like the beauty of pastures ; they are consumed like smoke ; they are consumed .
And it was announced to Joab , Behold , the king is weeping and mourning over Absalom .
And the angel of Jehovah spoke to Gad , saying to David , Surely David shall go up to raise an altar to Jehovah in the threshing-floor of Ornan the Jebusite .
And as to Ishmael , I have heard you . Behold , I have blessed him and will make him fruitful and will multiply him exceedingly . He shall father twelve princes , and I will make him a great nation .

Then do not be anxious for tomorrow . For the morrow will be anxious of itself . Sufficient to each day is its own trouble .
And in that day I will cut a covenant for them with the beasts of the field , and with the birds of the sky , and the creeping things of the ground . And I will break the bow and the sword , and the battle out of the earth , and I will make them to lie down safely .
And the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon as to the name of Jehovah , and she came to test him with hard questions .

And say to them , So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , Behold I will send and take Nebu-chadnezzar , the king of Babylon , My servant , and will set his throne on these stones that I have hidden . And he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
All the labor of man is for his mouth , and yet the soul is not filled .
And saying this , He showed them His hands and feet .
And one of them named Agabus rising up , he signified through the Spirit that a great famine was about to be over all the habitable earth , which also happened on Claudius Caesar's time .

But are you willing to know , O vain man , that faith apart from works is dead ?
in circumcision , the eighth day , of the race of Israel , the tribe of Benjamin , a Hebrew of the Hebrews ; according to Law , a Pharisee ;
As also He says in Hosea , I will call those not My people , My people ! And those not beloved , Beloved !
Jehovah is my rock , and my fortress and my deliverer ; my God , my Rock ; I seek refuge in Him ; He is my shield and the horn of my salvation , my high tower .

And they went to bury her , but did not find any of her except the skull , and the feet , and the palms of the hands .
And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were gold , and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon of refined gold . Silver was not counted for anything in the days of Solomon .
And you shall put them into one basket and shall bring them near in the basket , and the bullock and the two rams .

And as righteous men , they shall judge them with the judgment of adulteresses , and the judgment of women who shed blood , because they are adulteresses , and blood is in their hands .
O my God , I trust in You ; do not let me be ashamed ; let not my enemies triumph over me .
Yes , all the nations shall say , Why has Jehovah done this to this land ? For what is the heat of this great anger ?
And they were unclean with their works , and went whoring in their acts .
Then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , and Jeshua the son of Jozadak rose up and began to build the house of God in Jerusalem . And with them were the prophets of God helping them .
The kings of the earth stood up , and the rulers were assembled on the same day against the Lord , yea , against His Christ . "

And God said to him , Your name is Jacob ; your name will not any more be called Jacob , but Israel will be your name . And He called his name Israel .
And it happened , when the king's command and his order was heard , and when many young women had been gathered to Shushan the palace , into the hand of Hegai , was taken into the king's house , into the hand of Hegai , keeper of the women .

And all the congregation saw that Aaron had died , and they mourned Aaron thirty days , all the house of Israel .
And David divided them according to their offices in their service , even Zadok of the sons of Eleazar , and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar .
A sensible man sees the evil and hides himself ; the simple go on and are punished .
Therefore , I will not hold my mouth ; I will speak in the distress of my spirit ; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul .
And she said to her father , Let this thing be done to me . Leave me alone two months , and let me go and descend on the mountains . And I will weep for my virginity , my friends and I .

And I commanded your judges at that time , saying , Hear between your brothers ; and judge with righteousness between a man and his brother , and his alien .
It shall never be inhabited forever , nor shall it be lived in from generation to generation . And the Arabian shall not pitch a tent there , nor shall the shepherds make flocks lie down there .

And he prayed again , and the heaven gave rain , and the earth caused its fruit to sprout .
And they made the tunics of bleached linen , skilled work , for Aaron and for his sons ;
But truly I say to you , There are some of those standing here who in no way shall taste of death until they see the kingdom of God .
And king David was old , going into days . And they covered him with garments , for he had no heat .
Any you shall be holy men to Me . And you shall not eat flesh torn in pieces in the field ; you shall throw it to the dogs .
When Jacob came into Egypt , and your fathers cried to Jehovah , then Jehovah sent Moses and Aaron ; and they brought your fathers out from Egypt and made them dwell in this place .

But I will warn you whom you should fear ; fear the ones who after the killing have authority to cast into Hell ; yea , I say to you , fear that One !
and Ibhar , and Elishua , and Nepheg , and Japhia ,
You broke the sea by Your strength ; You burst the heads of sea-monsters in the waters .

Yea , You have chosen Your people Israel for Yourself , for a people forever , and You , O Jehovah , have been God to them .
And Samuel went to Ramah , and Saul went to his house , to Gibeah of Saul .
And the king said , You shall surely die , Ahimelech , you and your father's house .
I have set Jehovah always before me ; for He is at my right hand : I shall not be shaken .
And Balaam said to Balak , Station yourself by your burnt offering , and I will go on ; it may be that Jehovah will come to meet me , and I will declare to you the things which He reveals to Me . and he went to a high place .
And this , ten times you have shamed me ; you are not ashamed that you have wronged me .

There is a rash speaking like thrusts of a sword , but the tongue of the wise heals .
they have passed away like the reed ships ; as an eagle swoops on food .
And Gehazi passed on before them , and laid the staff on the face of the boy . But there was no voice , and there was no hearing . And he turned back to meet him , and told him , saying , The boy has not awakened .
and labor , working with our own hands . Being cursed , we bless ; persecuted , we bear ;

And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of Jehovah , they made stand the priests in their robes with trumpets , and the Levites , the sons of Asaph , with cymbals to praise Jehovah , according to the ordinance of David king of Israel .

any prayer , any supplication that shall come from any man of all of Your people Israel , who shall each know the plague of his own heart , and shall spread his palms toward this house ,
when I remember You upon my bed . I will meditate on You in the night watches .
And he shall put the incense on the fire before Jehovah , and the cloud of the incense shall cover the mercy-seat on the testimony ; and he shall not die .
And Jehoshaphat bowed his nose to the earth , and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem fell down before Jehovah , to bow themselves to Jehovah .
So it shall be done for one ox , or for the one ram , or for a lamb of the sheep , or of the goats .
And one who sends a tax exacter shall stand in his place , for the glory of the kingdom . But within a few days he will be broken , but not in anger and not in battle .
For you do not desire sacrifice , or I would give it ; You do not delight in burnt offering .
And Moses and Aaron went in from the eyes of the assembly , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation ; and fell on their faces . And the glory of Jehovah appeared to them .

But Jesus said to them , You do not know what you ask . Are you able to drink the cup which I drink , and to be baptized with the baptism I am baptized with ?
For many in the assembly had not sanctified themselves , and the Levites were over the slaughtering of the passover offerings for everyone not clean , to sanctify them to Jehovah .
Behold , He who keeps Israel will not slumber nor sleep .
To the sons of Merari by the lot , for their families : out of the tribe of Reuben , and out of the tribe of Gad , and out of the tribe of Zebulun , twelve cities .
And Mephibosheth had a young son , and his name was Micah . And everyone living in Ziba's house were servants to Mephibosheth .
And this thing became a sin , for the people went before the one , to Dan .
And he kindled fire on the torches , and sent them out into the grain-stalks of the Philistines , and burned from the stacks and the grain-stalks , and to the vineyard and the oliveyard .
And Peter said , Behold , we left all and followed You .
And the battle was very hard on that day , and the men of Israel and Abner were stricken before David's servants .
And the Philistines took the ark of God and brought it from Ebenezer to Ashdod .
And the child grew and was weaned . And Abraham made a great feast on the day Isaac was weaned .
The young lions roared against him ; they gave their voice . And they made his land a waste ; his cities are ruined , without inhabitant .
these going by name were rulers in their families . And the house of their fathers increased to a multitude .
and Amminadab fathered Nahshon ; and Nahshon fathered Salmon ;
What ails you , O sea , that you flee ? O Jordan , that you turn back ?
And David rose up early , he and his men , to go in the morning , to return to the land of the Philistines . And the Philistines went up to Jezreel .
And there were rods to her , strong for the scepters of rulers , and her stature was exalted among the thick branches . And it was seen in her height , with the multitude of her branches .
the sons of Rezin , the sons of Nekoda , the sons of Gazzam ,
And one said to the man clothed in linen , who was on the waters of the river , Until when is the end of the wonders ?
To all there is an appointed time , even a time for every purpose under the heavens :
My bones were not hidden from You when I was made in secret ; when I was woven in the depths of the earth .
Jehovah watches over the strangers ; He relieves the orphan and the widow , but He warps the way of the wicked .
The gray head is a crown of glory ; it is found in the way of righteousness .

and to a sound of trumpet , and to a voice of words , which those hearing begged that not a word be added to them ;

Jesus sent these twelve out , charging them , saying : Do not go into the way of the nations , and do not go into a Samaritan city .
A Song . A Psalm of David . O God , my heart is fixed ; I will sing ; yea , I will sing songs even with my glory .
We provided ourselves with this hot bread out of our houses on the day we came out to go to you . And now , behold , it is dry and it is crumbs .
Fears shall overtake him like waters ; a tempest steals him away in the night .
And the king of Assyria sent the chief of the cupbearers from Lachish to Jerusalem , to king Hezekiah , with a great army . And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool , in the highway of the Fuller's Field .

For my days are finished in smoke , and my bones glow like a firebrand .
And when an alien lives with you in your land , you shall not oppress him ;
This is the portion of a wicked man with God , and the inheritance of ruthless men that they shall receive from the Almighty .
And they pulled up from Alush and camped in Rephidim ; and no water was there for the people to drink .

so that no flesh might glory in His presence .
Chasten your son , for there is hope , and do not set your soul on making him die .
And when many days were fulfilled , the Jews plotted together to do away with him .
to give a knowledge of salvation to His people by remission of their sins ,
Only with your eyes you shall look , and see the reward of the wicked .
But whoever causes one of these little ones believing in Me to offend , it is better for him that a millstone turned by an ass be hung on his neck , and he be sunk in the depth of the sea .
Do not drop words as they drop ! They shall not drop words about these ; they shall not draw back reproaches .
And on his hand , Jehozabad ; and with him a hundred and eighty thousand ready for war .

And the sons of Kohath : Amram , and Izhar , and Hebron , and Uzziel .

So , then , my beloved , even as you always obeyed , not as in my presence only , but now much rather in my absence , cultivate your salvation with fear and trembling ,
when one spoke to me , saying , Behold Saul is dead , and he was as a bearer of good news in his own eyes ; even I seized and killed him in Ziklag . I gave that to him as a reward .
Let them melt away like waters ; they flow off to them ; he treads his arrows ; let them be as though they were cut off ;
And one shall say in that day , Behold , this is our God ; we have waited for Him , and He will save us . This is Jehovah ; we have waited for Him ; we will be glad and rejoice in His salvation .
And the bow shall be in the clouds , and I shall see it , to remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living soul , in all flesh on the earth .
the king of Debir , one ; the king of Geder , one ;
For he says , I have worked by the strength of my hand and by my wisdom ; for I am wise . And I take away the borders of peoples , and have robbed their treasures . And like a mighty one , I subdue inhabitants .
And now , behold , the hand of the Lord is on you , and you will be blind , not seeing the sun until a time . And instantly a mist and darkness fell on him , and going about he sought some to lead him by the hand .
And Tamar went to her brother Amnon's house . And he was lying down . And she took the dough , and kneaded it , and made cakes before his eyes , and baked the cakes .
Then where is the boasting ? It was excluded . Through what law ? Of works ? No , but through a law of faith .
But they cried out , Away , Away ! Crucify him ! Pilate said to them , Shall I crucify your king ? The chief priests answered , We have no king except Caesar .
And Josiah turned and saw the graves that were there in the mount , and sent and took the bones out of the graves and burned them on the altar , and defiled it according to the word of Jehovah that the man of God had proclaimed , who had proclaimed these things .
And Jehovah was with Judah , and he occupied the hills , but did not expel the inhabitants of the valley , for they had chariots of iron .
And when you say to me , We have trusted to Jehovah our God , is it not He whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah has removed , and has said to Judah and to Jerusalem , Before this altar you shall bow yourselves in Jerusalem ?
Is Gilead evil ? Surely they have been vanity . They sacrificed bulls in Gilgal ; yea , their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the field .
God who brought them out of Egypt is for him like the lofty horns of the wild ox .
Hear the word of Jehovah , O nations , and declare in the coastlands far away , and say , He who scattered Israel will gather him and keep him , as a shepherd his flock .
You shall not test Jehovah your God as you tested Him in Massah .
And you shall cause to draw near Aaron and his sons to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation . And you shall wash them with water .
O Jehovah , how many are Your works ! You have made all of them in wisdom ; the earth is full of Your riches .
And the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what had done to Jericho and to Ai .
And Jesus said to them , Because of your unbelief . For truly I say to you , If you have faith as a grain of mustard , you will say to this mountain , Move from here to there ! And it will move . And nothing shall be impossible to you .
And his master saw that Jehovah was with him , and Joseph was prospering in his hand everything which he did .
And their father Jacob said to them , You have bereaved me . Joseph is not , and Simeon is not , and you will take Benjamin ? All of these are against me .
And they burned all their cities with fire , their homes , and all their towers .
Behold ! I set before you today a blessing and a curse :
And they said to one another , Was not our heart burning in us as He spoke to us in the highway , and as He opened up to us the Scriptures ?
And her sister Oholibah saw . And she was more corrupt in her lustfulness than she , and her fornications were greater than her sister's whoredom .
" being faithful " to Him who appointed Him , as also " Moses " " in all his house . "
And some days having passed , Agrippa the king and Bernice arrived at Caesarea , greeting Festus .
And Jehovah God commanded the man , saying , You may freely eat of every tree in the garden ;


Yet you say , On what cause ? Because Jehovah has been witness between you and the wife of your youth , against whom you have dealt treacherously ; and she is your companion and your covenant wife .

Fathers , I write to you because you have known Him from the beginning . I write to you , young men , because you overcome the evil one . I write to you , young ones , because you have known the Father .
And Samuel took a milk lamb and offered a whole burnt offering to Jehovah . And Samuel cried to Jehovah for Israel . And Jehovah answered him .
And the priest gave to the rulers of the hundreds king David's spears and the shields , that were in the house of Jehovah .
And He sent messengers before His face . And going they went into a village of Samaritans , so as to make ready for Him .
And his wife Jezebel came in to him , and said to him , Why is your spirit sullen that you are not eating food ?
making my feet like hinds' feet , even causing me to stand on my high places ;
And it will be , when you multiply and increase in the land in those days , says Jehovah , they will no longer say , The ark of the covenant of Jehovah ! Nor shall it come to the heart , nor shall they remember it , nor shall they miss it , nor shall it be made any more .
And a certain woman being with a flow of blood twelve years ,

To the law and to the testimony ! If they do not speak according to this word , it is because there is no dawn to them !
And Jacob went on his way , and the angels of God met him .
And she said , Let me find grace in your eyes , my lord , because you have comforted me , and because you have spoken to the heart of your handmaid . And I surely am not as one of your handmaids .
A voice was heard weeping on the bare heights , pleadings of the sons of Israel ; for they have perverted their way ; they have forgotten Jehovah their God .
A fool's mouth is his destruction , and his lips are a snare of his soul .
And Hushai said , You have known your father and his men , that they are mighty men . And they are bitter of soul , like a bear bereaved of cubs in the field . And your father is a man of war , and shall not stay the night with the people .

And they had breastplates like iron breastplates ; and the sound of their wings was like the sound of chariots with many horses running to war .
He is a merchant ; the scales of deceit are in his hand ; he loves to oppress .
A third shall be at the Sur Gate . A third shall be at the gate behind the runners . And you shall keep the watch of the house , alternately .
And the anointing which you received from Him abides in you , and you have no need that anyone teach you . But as His anointing teaches you concerning all things , and is true , and is not a lie , and as He taught you , abide in Him .
And Jehu sent to all Israel , and all the servants of Baal came in . And there was not a man left who did not come in . And they came into the house of Baal , and the house of Baal was full from mouth to mouth .
All the things about me , Tychicus the beloved brother and faithful minister and fellow-slave in the Lord , will make known to you ,
And fire fell from Jehovah and burned up the burnt offering , and the wood , and the stones , and the dust , and the water in the trench was licked up .
You shall not take a wife for yourself , nor shall you have sons or daughters in this place .
And he will take your daughters for perfumers , and for cooks , and for bakers .
But you shall utterly destroy them the Hittites , and the Amorites , the Canaanites , and the Perizzites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites , as Jehovah your God has commanded you ;
You shall guide me by Your counsel ; and afterward You will take me to glory .
And Joseph went up to bury his father ; and all the servants of Pharaoh went up with him , the elders of his house , even all the elders of the land of Egypt ,
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah according to all that his fathers did .

The sons of Judah : Er , and Onan , and Shelah . These three were born to him from the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess . And Er , the first-born of Judah , was evil in Jehovah's sight , and He killed him .
And I saw one of its heads , as having been slain to death , and its deadly wound was healed . And all the earth marveled after the beast .
And very early on the first of the week , the sun having risen , they came upon the tomb .
Because of this , having girded up the loins of your mind , being sober , perfectly hope on the grace being brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ ,
Zedekiah was a son of twenty one years when he began to reign , and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem . And the name of his mother was Hamutal , the daughter of of Libnah .


and the spice , and the oil for the light , and for the anointing oil , and for the incense of the perfumes .

And he saw the heaven being opened and a certain vessel like a great sheet coming down on him , being bound by four corners , and let down onto the earth ;
And the king said to the woman , Go to your house , and I will give command concerning you .
Surely He scorns the scorners , but He gives grace to the lowly .
then falling away , it is impossible for them again to renew to repentance , crucifying again for themselves the Son of God , and putting Him to open shame .
And Jehovah turned to him and said , Go in this strength of yours , and you shall deliver Israel out of the hand of Midian . Have I not sent you ?
Then they said , What is this that He says , The little ? We do not know what He says .
And Moses called to all the elders of Israel and said to them Draw out and take of the flock for you and for your families , and kill the passover .
ruin and misery are in their way ;
And they shall not come near to Me to serve as priest to Me , nor come near to any of My holy things , to the holiest of the holy things , but they shall bear their shame and their abominations which they have done .

So also My heavenly Father will do to you unless each of you from your hearts forgive his brother their trespasses .
And the sons of Israel drew near to the sons of Benjamin on the second day .

And Jehovah said to me Rise up ! Go before the people , causing them to set forward , that they may go in and possess the land which I swore to their fathers , to give it to them .
And whoever does not bear his cross and come after Me , he cannot be My disciple .
And all the congregation of the sons of Israel pulled up stakes from the Wilderness of Sin , according to their journeys , by the mouth of Jehovah . And they camped in Rephidim . And there was no water for the drinking of the people .
Bow my heart to Your testimonies , and not to unjust gain .
Surely there is a mine for the silver , and a place where they refine gold .
For all his days are pains , and his task is grief ; his heart does not even take rest in the night . Even this also is vanity .
And you shall set limits to the people all around , saying , Be careful for yourselves , not going up into the mountain and touching its border ; everyone touching the mountain shall surely be killed .
These are the ones setting themselves apart , animal-like ones , not having the Spirit .
I will pay my vows to Jehovah now in the presence of all His people .
For I will give you a mouth and wisdom which all those opposing you will not be able to withstand or contradict .
who made the heavens and the earth , the seas and all that is in them ; who keeps truth forever ;
And Moses said before Jehovah , Behold , I am of uncircumcised lips . How could Pharaoh listen to me ?

Your throne , O God , is forever and ever ; the scepter of Your kingdom is a scepter of uprightness .
And the centurion finding there an Alexandrian ship sailing to Italy , he put us into it .
Then went to his house and declared the thing to Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah , his companions ,
However , the foundation of God stands firm , having this seal , " The Lord knew those being His ; " also , Let everyone naming the name of Christ depart from unrighteousness .
And he shall bring in his guilt offering to Jehovah , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , a ram for a guilt offering .
where their worm does not die , and the fire is not put out .

After whom has the king of Israel come out ? After whom are you pursuing ? After a dead dog ? After a flea ?
To the chief musician . Do not destroy . A secret treasure of David , when Saul sent , and they watched the house to kill him . Deliver me from my enemies , O my God ; set me on high from the ones who rise up against me .
and against all the high mountains ; and against all the lifted up hills ;
The thirteenth to Shubael his sons and his brothers twelve .
and Heshbon and its open lands ; and Jazer and its open lands .
Then at that time when all the people heard the sound of the horn , the pipe , zither , the lyre , harp , and all kinds of music , all the peoples , the nations , and the languages fell down , worshiping the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up .

Look on my enemies , for they are many ; they hate me with a violent hatred .
A furious man stirs up quarreling , but he who is slow to anger calms fighting .
The priests : The sons of Jedaiah , of the house of Jeshua : nine hundred and seventy three .
And Bezaleel and Aholiab shall work with everyone wise of heart to whom Jehovah has given wisdom and intelligence , to know how to do every work of the service of the sanctuary , concerning all which Jehovah had commanded .
And it shall be , if ten men remain in one house , then they shall die .
And He said , Go , Daniel ! For the words are closed up and sealed until the end time .
And its rooms , and its pillars , and its porches were as three measures . And windows were to it , and its porches all around . It was fifty cubits long and twenty five cubits wide .
Yea , when they had made a casted calf for themselves , and said , This is your god who brought you up out of Egypt , and had worked great blasphemies ,
And Hezekiah gave all the silver that was found in the house of Jehovah , and in the treasures of the house of the king .
Beloved , let us love one another , because love is of God , and everyone who loves has been born of God , and knows God .
that the exulting of the wicked is near an end , and the joy of the ungodly is for a moment ?
And whoever will not do the law of your God , and the law of the king , let judgment be executed diligently on him , whether to death , or to exile , or to confiscation of goods , or imprisonment .

And they sent and gathered all the rulers of the Philistines , and said , Send away the ark of the God of Israel , and let it return to its place . And it shall not put me to death , even my people . For there had been a great destruction throughout all the city . The hand of God had been very heavy there .
Only , he shall not multiply horses to himself , nor cause the people to turn back to Egypt so as to multiply horses , since Jehovah has said to you , You shall not again return in this way any more .
And the winepress was trodden outside the city , and blood went out of the winepress as far as the bridles of the horses , from a thousand six hundred stadia .
And he carried him , and brought him to his mother . And he sat on her knees until noon , and died .
A Song of Ascents . They who trust in Jehovah shall be like Mount Zion ; it is not shaken ; it remains forever .
and Hilen and its open lands ; Debir and its open lands ;
Then being exalted to the right of God , and receiving the promise of the Holy Spirit from the Father , He poured out this which you now see and hear .
For walking about in flesh , we do not war according to flesh ;
Philip came and told Andrew , and again Andrew and Philip told Jesus .
It is One ; so then I said He is consuming the perfect and the wicked .
And His servants' seed shall inherit ; and they who love His name shall live in it .
Do you know the balance of the clouds , the wonderful works of Him who is perfect in knowledge ,
For God commanded , saying , " Honor your father and mother , " and , " The one speaking evil of father or mother , by death let him die . "

But to whom you forgive anything , I also . For also if I have forgiven anything , of whom I have forgiven it , it is for you , in Christ's person ,
And those that died by the plague were twenty four thousand .
As to this house that you are building , if you shall walk in My statutes , and shall do My judgments , and shall do all My commandments , to walk in them , then I shall establish your word with you which I spoke to your father David .
Should we give , or should we not give ? But knowing their hypocrisy , He said to them , Why do you tempt Me ? Bring Me a denarius that I may see .
Behold , like a handbreadth You gave my days , even my life was non-existence before You ;
He has laid my vine waste and has splintered my fig tree . He has stripped it , and he threw it away ; its branches grow white .
Vau . By Your word , according to Your salvation , let Your mercies come to me , O Jehovah .
On the twenty-fourth day of the eleventh month , it is the month Shebat , in the second year of Darius , the word of Jehovah was to Zechariah , the son of Berechiah , the son of Iddo the prophet , saying ,
And the king replied to the people harshly , and forsook the counsel of the elders which they advised him ,
And Absalom sent Ahithophel the Gilonite , a counselor of David , out of his city , out of Giloh , as he offered the sacrifices . And the conspiracy was strong . And the people were going on and increasing with Absalom .
So says Jehovah , Do justice and righteousness , and deliver the one robbed from the oppressor's hand . And do not oppress the alien , the widow , or the orphan , and do not do violence nor shed innocent blood in this place .
And Rehoboam appointed Abijah the son of Maachah the head , as ruler among his brothers , in order to cause him to reign .

And all the elders of Israel gathered and came in to Samuel , to Ramah .
Turn away your eyes from Me , because they have overcome Me . Your hair is like a flock of goats that lie down from Gilead .
Does our Law judge the Man unless it hear from him first , and know what he does ?
So says Jehovah of hosts : I was jealous for Zion with great jealousy , and I was jealous for her with great wrath .
And you shall speak and say before Jehovah your God , My father was a perishing Aramean ! And he went down to Egypt with few men , and lived there , and became a nation there , great , mighty and many .

when he made known the riches of his glorious kingdom , and the honor of his excellent greatness many days , even a hundred and eighty days .
Also can any understand the spreading of the clouds , the crashing of His canopy ?
then makes shameful charges against her , and brings up an evil name on her , and says , I took this woman , and when I came near her , I did not find in her the tokens of virginity .
And those making this plot were more than forty ;
And your eye shall not pity ; life shall go for life , eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot .
And they pulled up from Dophkah and camped in Alush .
A Psalm of David . Judge me , O Jehovah , for I have walked in my integrity ; I also have trusted in Jehovah ; I shall not slide .

And in those days there was no peace to him going out , or to him coming in , for much tumult was on all the inhabitants of the lands .
saying , A thing of ruin is poured out on him ; and , He who lies down shall not rise again .
And Isaac loved Esau , for game was in his mouth . And Rebekah loved Jacob .


The fruit of your ground , and all your labor , shall be eaten up by a nation which you do not know And you shall always be oppressed and crushed .
And all trees for food shall go up by the torrent , on its lip on this side and on that . Its leaf shall not fade , and its fruit shall not fail ; it will bear by its months , because its waters come out from the sanctuary . And its fruit shall be for food , and its leaf for healing .
A fire goes before Him and burns up His enemies all around .
And you shall offer peace offerings , and shall eat there . And you shall rejoice before Jehovah your God .
She did not listen to the voice ; she did not receive correction ; she did not trust in Jehovah ; she did not draw near to her God .
And they said to him , We neither received letters concerning you from the Jews , nor having arrived has any one of the brothers reported or spoken anything evil concerning you .
Behold the eye of Jehovah is to those who fear Him , on those who hope in His mercy ;
Let those who seek my soul be ashamed and disgraced ; let them be turned back and brought to confusion , those who plot evil to me .
But if the man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all , and remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . All that may come is vanity .
You still the roaring of the sea , the roar of their waves , and the tumult of the peoples .
And on the way he came in to the folds of the flock . And there was a cave . And Saul went in to cover his feet . And David and his men were staying in the recesses of the cave .
Say to them , Out of all your seed throughout your generations , any man who draws near to the holy things which the sons of Israel set apart to Jehovah , and his uncleanness being upon him , that person shall be cut off from before me ; I am Jehovah .
and there is salvation in no other One , for neither is there any other name under Heaven having been given among men by which we must be saved .
And they came to Capernaum . And having come into the house , He questioned them , What were you disputing to yourselves in the way ?
And you shall remember that you were a slave in Egypt ; and you shall take heed to do these statutes .
They hate him who rebukes in the gate , and they despise him who speaks uprightly .

You break the ships of Tarshish with an east wind .
and blue , and purple , and crimson , and fine linen , and goats hair ;

I am the Living Bread that came down from Heaven . If anyone eats of this Bread , he will live forever . And indeed the bread which I will give is My flesh , which I will give for the life of the world .
Son of man , take up a lament over Pharaoh , king of Egypt , and say to him , You were like a young lion of the nations , and you were like the monster in the seas . And you gushed in your rivers and stirred up the waters with your feet and fouled their rivers .
While I was with them in the world , I kept them in Your name ; I guarded those whom You gave to Me , and not one of them was lost , except the son of perdition , that the Scripture might be fulfilled .
My eye deals severely with my soul , from all the daughters of my city .
He who loves pureness of heart , grace is on his lips ; the king shall be his friend .
Jehovah did not set His love on you or choose you because you were more in number than any people , for you were the fewest of all peoples .
And its porches were toward the outer court . And palm trees were on its pillars from here and from there . And its stairway had eight steps .
and so long were the staves , that the heads of the staves could be seen from the ark before the oracle ; but they were not seen outside . And there it is to this day .
Son of man , set your face against Jerusalem and drop a word toward the holy places , and prophesy against the land of Israel .
And it shall be , if you shall forget Jehovah your God , and walk after other gods , and serve them , and worship them , I testify against you today that you shall utterly perish ;

This is your lot , the share of your measure from Me , declares Jehovah , because you have forgotten Me and have trusted in falsehood .
And if the priest shall look , and , behold , the plague has become pale after it has been washed , then he shall tear it out of the garment , or out of the leather , or out of the warp , or out of the woof .

And the king said to Absalom , No , my son , let us not all go now , and we shall not be too heavy on you . But he urged him , and he was not willing to go , but he blessed him .
And he shall count with his buyer from the year of his being sold to him until the year of jubilee , and the silver of his sale shall be by the number of years . As the days of a hireling , it shall be with him .
And Moses did so , according to all Jehovah commanded him ; so he did .
And the rest of all the acts of Asa , and all his might , and all that he did , and the cities he built , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ? Only , at the time of his old age he was diseased in his feet .
Those who forsake the law praise the wicked , but those who keep the law strive with them .
And Moses the servant of Jehovah died there in the land of Moab , according to the command of Jehovah .

And laying hands on them , He went away from there .
Moses the servant of Jehovah and the sons of Israel struck them . And Moses the servant of Jehovah gave it for a possession to the Reubenites , and the Gadites , and the half tribe of Manasseh .
And landing at Caesarea , having gone up and greeted the church , he went down to Antioch .
All things are lawful to me , but not all things profit . All things are lawful to me , but I will not be ruled by any .

Are you so foolish ? Having begun in the Spirit , do you now perfect yourself in the flesh ?
is it but a small thing to you that the God of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to Himself , to do the service of the tabernacle of Jehovah , and to stand before the congregation to minister to them ?
And being persuaded of this , I know that I will remain and will continue with you all for your advancement and joy of faith ,
They shall dress with sackcloth in the streets ; everyone shall howl on their housetops and in their plazas , melting in tears .
Hurry , escape there , for I am not able to do anything until you have come there . So the name of the city was called Zoar .
Righteousness shall go before Him and shall make a way for His footsteps .
And when Haman saw that Mordecai did not bow nor worship him , then Haman was filled with fury .
And Azariah fathered Helez , and Helez fathered Eleasah .
And Zebul said to him , Now where is your mouth with which you said , Who is Abimelech , that we should serve him ? Is this not the people you despised ? Now go out now and fight against it .

Those who sow in tears shall reap with joyful shouting .
And he made ten basins of bronze ; the one basin contained forty baths . The one basin was four cubits , one basin on the one base , to the ten bases .
And a certain aged prophet was living in Bethel , and his son came and told him all the deeds that the man of God had done that day in Bethel , the words that he had spoken to the king ; yea , they told them to their father .
By faith the walls of Jericho fell down , having been circled during seven days .
But we are persuaded in the Lord as to you , that whatever things we have commanded you , you both do and you will do .
And He said , Go into the city to a certain one and say to him , The Teacher says , My time is near ; to you I will prepare the Passover with My disciples .
as Moses , the servant of Jehovah , commanded the sons of Israel , as it is written in the book of the law of Moses ; an altar of whole stones , on which had been wielded no iron . And they offered up on it burnt offerings to Jehovah , and offered peace offerings .
And the sons of Israel did evil again in the sight of Jehovah , and Jehovah gave them into the hands of the Philistines forty years .
and Resen between Nineveh and Calah , which is a great city .
Behold , Zion , the city of our appointed meetings ! Your eyes shall see Jerusalem , a quiet home . a tent that shall not be moved ; its stakes shall not be pulled up forever , nor shall any of its cords be pulled off .
In you they have taken bribes in order to shed blood . You have taken interest and increase , and you have gained by extortion of your neighbor . And you have forgotten Me , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And He said to them , Where is your faith ? And being afraid , they marveled , saying to one another , Who then is this One , that He commands even the wind and the water , and they obey Him ?
in whom every building having been fitted together grows into a holy sanctuary in the Lord ,
If I tell you earthly things , and you do not believe , how will you believe if I tell you heavenly things ?
And the sister of Aaron , Miriam the prophetess took the timbrel in her hand , and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances .
And he said , Yet whatever it may be , let me run . And he said to him , Run . And Ahimaaz ran the way of the circuit and passed by the Cushite .
And Solomon's wisdom was greater than the wisdom of all the sons of the east , and than all the wisdom of Egypt .
And he will appoint for himself heads of thousands , and heads of fifties ; and to plow his plowing , and to reap his reaping ; and to make weapons for war for him , and weapons for his charioteer .
And Jehovah said to Moses and Aaron , This is the ordinance of the Passover . No stranger may eat of it .
For the stone shall cry out from the wall , and the beam shall answer it from the wood .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah , and went after the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who caused Israel to sin ; he did not turn aside from it .

But if we should say , From men , we fear the people . For all hold John to be a prophet .
For from within , out of the heart of men , pass out the evil thoughts , adulteries , fornications , murders ,
For the saving grace of God has appeared to all men ,
But refuse the profane and old-womanish tales . And exercise yourself to godliness .
If we have sowed spiritual things to you , is it a great thing if we shall reap of your fleshly things ?
Obtaining much peace through you and excellent accomplishments having come to this nation due to your forethought , in everything and everywhere we accept with all thankfulness , most excellent Felix .
And the chief of the cupbearers stood and cried with a loud voice in Judean , and said , Hear the words of the great king , the king of Assyria .

How long will you love to be simple , you simple ones ? And will scorners desire scorn for themselves ? And will fools hate knowledge ?
That is : Not the children of flesh are children of God , but the children of the promise are counted for a seed .
And all the people answered together and said , All which Jehovah has spoken we will do . And Moses brought back the words of the people to Jehovah .
And he commanded them and said to them I am about to be gathered to my people . Bury me beside my fathers , at the cave in the field of Ephron the Hittite ,
Do not say , A conspiracy , to everything of which this people says , A conspiracy ! And do not fear its fear , and do not dread .
And God both raised up the Lord , and He will raise us up through His power .
and he said , When you midwife the Hebrew women , and look on the birth-stools , if it is a son , you will kill him ; and if it is a daughter , it shall live .
But concerning that day and the hour , no one knows , not the angels , those in Heaven , nor the Son , except the Father .
The land mourns and languishes ; the world droops and languishes ; the proud people of the earth droop .
For finding this man pestilent and moving insurrection among all the Jews throughout the world , and a ringleader of the Nazarene sect ;
And the hook is given to one who does not know books , saying , Please read this . Then he says , I do not know books .
And he that burned her shall wash his clothes in water , and shall bathe his flesh in water , and shall be unclean until the evening .
So then did I become your enemy speaking truth to you ?
Do not boast in the day of tomorrow , for you do not know what a day may bring forth .
Who among all the gods of these nations whom my fathers have devoted to destruction is he who has been able to deliver his people out of my hand , that your god may be able to deliver you out of my hand ?
He has redeemed my soul from passing over into the Pit , and my life shall see the light .
And the king of Babylon struck them , and killed them in Riblah , in the land of Hamath ; and he exiled Judah from its land .
My eyes shall be on the faithful of the land , so that they may dwell with me ; he who walks in a perfect way shall serve me .
For You , O God , have proved us ; You have tested us as silver is refined .
And your house shall be established , and your kingdom before you forever . Your throne shall be established forever .
And the king took the two sons of Rizpah the daughter of Aiah , whom she bore to Saul , Armoni and Mephibosheth . And he took the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul , whom she bore to Adriel the son of Barzillai the Meholathite .
who shakes the earth out of its place , and its pillars tremble ;
You will give back a recompense to them , O Jehovah , according to the work of their hands .
And the sons of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam that he did ; they did not turn aside from them ;
And Jehovah spoke again to Ahaz : , saying ,
free among the dead , as pierced ones lying in the grave , whom You remember no more ; yea by Your hand they are cut off .
Woe to those who draw iniquity with cords of vanity , and sin as with ropes of a cart ;
Who can give You to me , as my brother , who sucked the breasts of my mother ? When I find You outside , I would kiss You . They also would not despise me .
and Judas Iscariot , who also betrayed Him . And He came into a house .
saying , What do you desire I do to you ? And he said , Lord , that I may see again .
Are You not from of old , Jehovah our God , my Holy One ? We shall not die , Jehovah , for You have appointed him for judgment . And , my Rock , You have established him for correction .
And he rose up and came into the house , and poured the oil on his head , and said to him , So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , I have anointed you as king to the people of Jehovah , to Israel .
And it happened at the time the flock was in heat , I lifted up my eyes and saw in a dream : And behold ! The ram leaping on the flock were striped , speckled , and spotted .
And if few are left of the years till the year of jubilee , then he shall count with him according to his years he shall give back his redemption price .
then I was at His side , like a master workman ; and I was His delights day by day , rejoicing before Him at every time ;
And Jehovah said to Ahijah , Behold , the wife of Jeroboam is coming to ask a thing of you for her son , for he is sick . You shall say this and this to her , and it shall be when she comes in , she will act as a foreigner .

But Thomas , one of the Twelve , the one called Twin , was not with them when Jesus came .

And the nations shall know that the house of Israel was exiled for their iniquity . Because they betrayed Me , so I hid My face from them and gave them into the hand of their enemies . And they fell by the sword , all of them .
For , lo , the kings met together ; they passed by together ;
And the second row : turquoise , sapphire and diamond .
And Balak said to Balaam , Do not curse it at all , nor bless it at all .
For the Son of man has come to save that which was lost .

Also you shall have a place outside the camp , and you shall go out there .
Out of Zion , the perfection of beauty , God has shone .
But He being merciful atoned for iniquity and did not destroy ; and He added to turn away His anger , and did not stir up all his wrath .

I will send on them exhaustion by famine , and depletion by burning heat , and bitter destruction , and the teeth of beasts , with the venom of crawling things of the dust .
And the open land around the cities which you shall give to the Levites shall be from the wall of the city and outward a thousand cubits all around .
And they said to him , Your servants have come from a very distant land , because of the name of Jehovah your God , for we have heard of His fame , and all that He has done in Egypt .
and Shallum fathered Hilkiah ; and Hilkiah fathered Azariah ;
Jesus said to them , Fill the waterpots with water . And they filled them to the top .
For when every command had been spoken according to Law by Moses to all the people , he took the blood of the calves and goats , with water and scarlet wool and hyssop , and he sprinkled both the scroll and all the people ,
And no one takes the honor to himself , but he being called by God , even as Aaron also .
You open Your hand and satisfy the desire of every living thing .
I wrote these things to you , the ones believing in the name of the Son of God , that you may know that you have everlasting life , and that you may believe in the name of the Son of God .
To the chief musician . A Psalm of David . O Jehovah , You have searched me and known me .
and from Bamoth in the valley which is in the field of Moab to the top of Pisgah , and looking toward the wilderness .

But then , indeed , not knowing God , you served as slaves to the ones not by nature being gods .
I shall see him , but not now ; I shall behold him , but not near . A star shall come forth out of Jacob , and a scepter shall rise out of Israel and shall dash the corners of Moab , and break down all the sons of tumult .
but he not counting his genealogy from them has tithed Abraham , and has blessed the one having the promises .
And he said to him , Go in peace . And he went away a little way from him .

Qoph . I cried with my whole heart ; O Jehovah , answer me ; I will keep Your statutes .
And your altars shall be ruined , and your pillars shall be broken . And I will cast down your slain before your idols .
Pharaoh shall see them and be cheered over all his multitude , those slain by the sword , Pharaoh and all the army , declares the Lord Jehovah .
I made a covenant with my eyes ; how then could I look intently on a virgin ?
whom firmly resist in the faith , knowing the same sufferings are being completed in your brotherhood in the world .
And he lifted up his eyes and looked ; and , behold , three men were standing by him . And he saw , and he ran to meet them from the entrance of the tent . And he bowed to the ground .

Truly , truly , I say to you , the one who receives whomever I may send receives Me ; and the one who receives Me receives the One who sent Me .
And Jehovah spoke to me , saying , I have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people .
He who works falsely shall not live inside my house ; he who speaks lies shall not be established before my eyes .
not avenging yourselves , beloved , but giving place to wrath , for it has been written , " Vengeance is Mine , " " I will repay , " says the Lord .
And all those dwelling in Lydda and the Sharon Plain saw him , who then turned to the Lord .
And they started up early at dawn , and each swore to his brother . And Isaac sent them away , and they left him in peace .

Woe to the world from its offenses ! It is a necessity for the offenses to come , yet woe to that man through whom the offense comes !
He has filled them with wisdom of heart , to do every work of a smith , and an artisan , and an embroiderer in blue , and in purple , and in crimson , and in bleached linen , and a weaver ; doers of every work and devisers of designs .
And he said , What is the word which He has spoken to you ? Please do not hide it from me . May God do so to you , and more also , if you keep back anything from me of all the words that He spoke to you .
Egypt , and Judah , and Edom , and the sons of Ammon , and Moab , and all those trimmed on the edges of their beards , who dwell in the wilderness . For all the nations are uncircumcised , and all the house of Israel , those uncircumcised of heart .
And the demon being cast out , the dumb one spoke . And the crowds marveled , saying , Never was it seen this way in Israel .
As to my not coming to you now , some were puffed up .
And Abijah and his people struck them with a great blow , and five hundred thousand chosen men of Israel fell slain .
The king of Babylon has heard their report , and his hands became feeble ; anguish seized him , pangs like those of a woman in labor .
And Samuel took a stone and set it between Mizpah and Shen , and called its name Ebenezer , saying , Jehovah has helped us until now .
And rising up , he took along the child and His mother and came into the land of Israel .
And this shall be the sign to you : You shall eat self sown grain this year ; and the second year , that which springs up ; and in the third year you shall sow and reap , and plant vineyards , and eat their fruit .
And Jehoshaphat said , Is there not a prophet of Jehovah still here , and we shall seek from him ?
I , Jehovah , have spoken ; it shall come , and I will do it . I will not let go , and I will not spare , I will not pity . By your ways and by your doings they shall judge you , declares the Lord Jehovah .
Let no one despise your youth , but become an example of the believers in word , in conduct , in love , in spirit , in faith , in purity .
and brought up the ark of Jehovah , and the tabernacle of the congregation , and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle , even those the priests and the Levites brought .
those numbered of them for the tribe of Naphtali were fifty three thousand and four hundred .

Then the he goat became very great . And when he was mighty , the great horn was broken . And in its place came up four outstanding ones toward the four winds of the heavens .
Execute the vengeance of the sons of Israel against the Midianites . Afterward you shall be gathered to your people .
The glory of young men is their vigor , and the honor of old men is the gray head .
And after six days , Jesus took Peter and James , and his brother John , and brought them up into a high mountain apart .
And let us consider one another , to incitement of love and of good works ,
And you , turn yourselves and pull up stakes toward the wilderness , the way of the Sea of Reeds .
who finding one very precious pearl , going away has sold all things , as many as he had , and bought it .
Cease yourself from man , whose breath is in his nostril , for in what is he to be esteemed ?
But I want you to know , brothers , that the things concerning me have more fully come to the advancement of the gospel ,
Behold , I am pressed under you , as a cart full with produce is pressed .
And again the battle was in Gath , and there was a man of stature , and the fingers of his hands were six , and the fingers of his feet six , twenty four in number . And he also had been born to Rapha .
And you shall put the two ends of the two cords on the two plaitings . And you shall put them on the shoulder pieces of the ephod , to the front of it .
And the sons of Aaron , the priests , shall arrange the pieces , with the head and the fat , on the wood on the fire , which is on the altar .
And when they say to you , Seek to the mediums , and to wizards who peep and mutter ; should not a people seek to its God , than for the living to seek to the dead ?

He sends your help from the sanctuary , and upholds you out of Zion .
from Ekron even to the sea , all that were at hand by Ashdod , and their villages ;
And He said to them , This kind can go out by nothing except by prayer and fasting .
And at the front of the house , he made two pillars thirty five cubits high , and the capital on their tops was five cubits .
And the cherubs shall be spreading out wings above , covering the mercyseat with their wings , and their faces each toward its brother ; the faces of the cherubs shall be toward the mercyseat .
And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen , and he had a thousand , four hundred chariots , and twelve thousand horsemen ; and he placed them in the cities of the chariots , and with the king in Jerusalem .
And David said to Ornan , Give me the site of the threshingfloor , and I will build an altar to Jehovah in it ; for full silver give it to me , and the plague will be restrained from the people .
and Boaz fathered Obed , and Obed fathered Jesse .

We did not see our signs ; there is no longer a prophet ; nor any among us who knows until when .
Let those who persecute me be ashamed , but do not let me be ashamed . Let them be terrified , but do not let me be terrified . Bring on them the day of evil , and break them with double breaking .
and burned incense there in all high places , like the nations that Jehovah had removed from their face ; and did evil things to provoke Jehovah ,
And his sister took her stand from a distance , to know what would be done to him .
And the life of Sarah was a hundred and twenty seven years , the years of the life of Sarah .

If you lend money to My people , the poor with you , you shall not be as a money-lender to him ; you shall not put interest on him .
blessed are you who sow beside all waters , who send out the foot of the ox and the ass .
Yet you did well in sharing my troubles .
And I was brutish and did not know ; I was like animals with You .
And he said to them , Continue to do no more than that commanded to you .
to seek the Lord , if perhaps they might feel after Him and might find Him , though indeed He not being far from each one of us .
for I do not know how to eulogize ; else after a little my Maker will take me away .
And Joab sent messengers to David , and said , I have fought against Rabbah , and I have captured the city of waters .
And the men of the elders of Israel came to me and sat before me .

Then do this , what we say to you : There are four men who have a vow on themselves ;
May Jehovah bless you out of Zion , He who made the heavens and earth .
and the priests were not able to stand to minister because of the cloud , for the glory of Jehovah had filled the house of Jehovah .
Yet you have forsaken Me , and served other gods ; therefore , I did not save you again .
But when Herod was about to bring him out , in that night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers , being bound with two chains , also guards were keeping the prison before the door .
Nebuchadnezzar spoke and said to them , Is it true , O Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego that you are not serving my gods , nor worshiping the golden image which I have set up ?
And the king was speaking to Gehazi , the servant of the man of God , saying , Please tell me all of the great things that Elisha has done .
And these were their numbers , for the house of their fathers : Of Judah , the commanders of thousands , Adnah the chief , and with him three hundred thousand mighty men of valor .
And I will give you into their hand , and they will tear down your mound , and will demolish your high places . They shall also strip you of your clothes and shall take your beautiful things , and leave you naked and bare .
And Jehoiada the priest took a chest and cut a hole in its lid , and put it near the altar , on the right side , as one comes into the house of Jehovah , and the priests who kept the door put in it all the silver brought into the house of Jehovah .
and because He had no need that anyone should witness concerning man , for He knew what was in man .

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Evil pursues sinners , but the righteous shall be rewarded with good .
And this is His commandment , that we should believe the name of His Son , Jesus Christ , and love one another , even as He gave command to us .

that in much testing of trouble , the overflowing of their joy and the depth of their poverty abounded to the riches of their generosity .
Now these are the sons of the province who went up out of the captivity , of those who had been exiled , whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had exiled to Babylon . And they came again to Jerusalem and Judah , each one to his own city ;
And Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said :
each one of you to know to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor ,
This is the land which you shall make fall by lot for an inheritance to the tribes of Israel , and these their parts , declares the Lord Jehovah .
At the mouth of two witnesses or three witnesses shall he that is to die be put to death . He shall not be put to death at the mouth of one witness .
As it is written in the law of Moses , all this evil has come on us . Yet we did not make our prayer before Jehovah our God that we might turn from our perversities and understand Your truth .
and Goshen , and Holon , and Giloh ; eleven cities and their villages ,
My lord asked his servants , saying , Is there a brother or a father to you ?
And He said , Peter , I say to you , a cock will not crow today before you will deny knowing Me three times .
In everything give thanks , for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus toward you .
Ad any earthen vessel into the midst of which any one of them falls , whatever is in it shall be unclean , and you shall break it .
And they shall take from the blood , and put it on the two side doorposts and on the upper doorpost , on the houses in which they eat it .
And coming near , he bound up his wounds , pouring on oil and wine . And putting him on his own animal , he brought him to an inn and cared for him .
And went to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam at Mizpah , and he lived with him among the people remaining in the land .
And going out , they passed through the villages , having announced the gospel , and healing everywhere .
For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God ; for it has been written , " He takes the wise in their own craftiness . "
And he sent them to Lebanon , ten thousand a month by courses . They were a month in Lebanon , two months in their own house . And Adoniram was over the labor force .
Again He says to him , secondly , Simon , son of Jonah , do you love Me ? He says to Him , Yes , Lord , You know that I love You . He said to him , Shepherd My sheep !
And coming , he finds it swept and decorated .
And David the king said to all the congregation , My son Solomon , the one whom God has chosen , is young and tender . And the work is great , for the magnificent house is not for man , but for Jehovah God .
Jehovah does not leave him in his hand , nor allow him to be found guilty in his judgment .
Bunni , Azgad , Bebai ,
And she went down to the threshing floor and did according to all that her mother-in-law commanded her .
" Then I said , Lo , I come , in the heading of the Book , it was written concerning Me , to do Your will , O God . " ;
Until when shall I bear with this evil company who are murmuring against Me ? I have heard the murmurings of the sons of Israel which they are murmuring against Me .
Those who are near and those far from you shall mock against you , O defiled of name , abounding in tumult .
I am the Bread of life .
And not only so , but also Rebekah conceiving of one , our father Isaac ,

Then if God gave the same gift to them as also to us , believing on the Lord Jesus Christ , and I , who was I to be able to prevent God ?
She makes herself ornamental coverings , her clothing is fine linen and purple .
And as the doors of the rooms that were southward , there was a door in the head of the way , the way directly in the face of the wall , the way of the east , as one enters them .
Jehovah has chosen Zion ; He has desired it for His dwelling-place .
And you shall not turn away from all the words which I am commanding you today , right or left , to go after other gods , to serve them .

His heart is cast hard as a stone , even cast hard as a piece of riding millstone .
Jesus answered , Are there not twelve hours in the day ? If anyone walks in the day , he does not stumble because he sees the light of the world .
and one kid of the goats , a sin offering ; besides the continual burnt offering , and its food offering , and their drink offerings .
But when the unclean spirit goes from a man , he goes through dry places seeking rest and does not find it .
He has not loaned on interest , and he has not taken increase , he has kept his hand from injustice , having done true justice between man and man .
And after he fathered Lamech , Methuselah lived seven hundred and eighty two years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
And standing up , some falsely testified against Him , saying ,
And if among the unclean animals , then he shall ransom it at your valuation , and he shall add its fifth to it . And if it is not redeemed , then it shall be sold at your evaluation .
And the temple of God in Heaven was opened , and the ark of His covenant was seen in His temple , and lightnings , and voices , and thunders , and earthquake , and a great hail occurred .
What shall be given to you , or what shall one add to you , O false tongue ?
They are zealous for you , but not well ; but they only desire to shut you out , that you be zealous to them .
Vexation is better than laughter ; for by the sadness of the face the heart is made good .
In the twenty-fourth of the ninth month , in the second year of Darius , the word of Jehovah came to the prophet , saying ,
and Jakim , and Zichri , and Zabdi ,
And Abraham took sheep and oxen and gave to Abimelech , and both of them cut a covenant .

Come to Me , all those laboring and being burdened , and I will give you rest .
And Saul said to his servants , Now look for a man who is good at playing for me , and bring him to me .
Ishmaiah the Gibeonite , a mighty one among the thirty , and over the thirty ; and Jeremiah , and Jahaziel , and Johanan , and Jozabad the Gederathite ;
how much less man who is a maggot ; and the son of man who is a worm !
And a certain one of them struck the slave of the high priest and cut off his right ear .
For Your name's sake , do not spurn us ; do not dishonor the throne of Your glory . Remember , and do not break Your covenant with us .
A rod of pride is in the mouth of a fool , but the lips of the wise shall keep them .
Again , the kingdom of Heaven is compared to a man , a merchant seeking excellent pearls ;
for His mercy is mighty over us , and the truth of Jehovah is forever . Praise Jehovah !
Blessed are those keeping judgment , he who does righteousness in every season .
Then I said about the one worn in adulteries , Will they now fornicate with her , and she with them ?
Behold , I give out of the synagogue of Satan those saying themselves to be Jews , and they are not , but they lie . Behold , I will make them come and bow down before your feet , and they shall know that I loved you .
or a brokenfooted man , or a brokenhanded man ,
My watchers panted for me all the day ; for many are proudly fighting against me .
And if any man lies with her , and her impurity is on him , he shall be unclean seven days , and every bed on which he lies shall be unclean .
you shall he visited from Jehovah of Hosts ; with thunder and earthquake , and great noise , tempest and storm , and flame of devouring fire .
And bring the fattened calf , slaughter and let us eat and be merry ;
And the house of Israel shall bury them , in order to cleanse the land , seven months .
And I took your father Abraham from Beyond the River , and caused him to go through all the land of Canaan , and multiplied his seed , and gave Isaac to him .
Can one break iron , iron or bronze from the north ?
The wicked spies on the righteous and seeks to kill him .
And it happened on the next day that Moses sat to judge the people . And the people stood beside Moses from the morning until the evening .
You were redeemed with a price ; do not become slaves of men .
And for the unclean they shall take the ashes of the burning of the purging offering , and running water in a vessel shall be put on it .
O God , the proud have risen against me ; and the troop of the violent have sought after my life , and have not set You before their eyes .
But they did not remove the high places . Only the heart of Asa was perfect with Jehovah all the days .
May Jehovah the God of your fathers add to you , a thousand times more than you are , and bless you as He has spoken to you !
A foolish woman is loud ; she is thoughtlessness , and she knows not what .
And the prey , the rest of the spoil which the people of the army plundered , was six hundred and seventy five thousand sheep ,
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Now to the King eternal , incorruptible , invisible , the only wise God , be honor and glory forever and ever . Amen .
And Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders , and the Giblites , cut and prepared the wood and the stones to build the house .
For lo , Your enemies are roaring ; and those who hate You have lifted up their head .
And Jehovah visited Sarah as He had said . And the Lord did to Sarah as He had spoken .
And it was given to them that they should not kill them , but that they be tormented five months . And their torment is as the torment of a scorpion when it stings a man .
Pilate said to Him , What is truth ? And saying this , he again went out to the Jews and said to them , I do not find even one crime in him !
where they crucified Him , and two others with Him , on this side and on that side , and Jesus in the middle .
And you , then , be ready ; for in the hour you think not , the Son of man comes .
And brothers I exhort you to watch those making divisions and causes of stumbling contrary to the doctrine which you learned , and turn away from them .

So says the Lord Jehovah : Because Moab and Seir say , Behold , the house of Judah is like all the nations .
The sun will be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the " " coming of the great and glorious " " day of the Lord . "
And I say this for your advantage , not that I put a snare before you , but for the fitting thing , and waiting on the Lord without distraction .

Behold , I will gather them out of all the lands , there where I have driven them in My anger , and in My fury , and in great indignation . And I will bring them again to this place , and I will cause them to live in safety .
By this we know that we love the children of God : when we love God and keep His commandments .
And going out , Jesus saw a great crowd and was filled with pity toward them . And He healed their infirm ones .
For you said , No ! For we will flee on horseback . On account of this you shall flee . Also , you say , We will ride on swift ones . On account of this , those who pursue you shall be swift .
And the sons of Israel secretly did the things which were not right against Jehovah their God , and built high places for themselves in all their cities , from the tower of the watchmen to the fortified city ,

And you , son of man , will you judge , will you judge the bloody city ? Then cause her to know all her abominations .
We are of God ; the one knowing God hears us . Whoever is not of God does not hear us . From this we know the spirit of truth and the spirit of error .
You shall stand outside , and the man to whom you lend shall bring the security outside to you .
And he had thirty sons . And he sent thirty daughters abroad , and he brought thirty daughters in from abroad for his sons . And he judged Israel seven years .
But now , Jehovah , You are our Father . We are the clay , and You are our Former ; yea , we all are Your handiwork .

and the border went up from there to Luz , to the side of Luz ( it is Bethel ) southward , and the border went down to Atarothadar , near the hill that is on the south of the lower Beth-horon ;
And David said to Abishai , Now Sheba the son of Bichri will do more evil to us than Absalom . You take the servants of your lord and pursue him , that he not find fortified cities for himself , and deliver himself from our eye .

Now to one working , the reward is not counted according to grace , but according to debt .
I have bowed my heart to do Your statutes always to the end .
Consecrate war against her . Rise up and let us go up at noon . Woe to us , for the day wanes ! For the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
O Jehovah , Your tender mercies are great ; give me life according to Your judgments .
And rising early on the first of the week , He first appeared to Mary Magdalene , from whom He had cast out seven demons .
And now , O Jehovah my God , You have caused Your servant to reign instead of my father David . And I am a little man-child ; I do not know to go out and to come in .
Come now and let us reason together , says Jehovah : Though your sins are as scarlet , they shall be white as snow ; though they are red as the crimson , they shall be like wool .
And you shall make a heave offering of the right leg to the priest of the sacrifices of your peace offerings ;
God has delivered me to the perverse ; and He has turned me over into the hands of the wicked .
for when he dies , he shall take nothing ; his glory shall not go down after him .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Do not labor for the food which perishes , but for the food which endures to everlasting life , which the Son of man will give to you ; for God the Father sealed this One .
For the divisions of the gatekeepers : of the Korhites was Meshelemiah the son of Kore , of the sons of Asaph .
And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing with which his father had blessed him . And Esau said in his heart , The days of mourning for my father are near ; then I will kill my brother Jacob .
For who has despised the day of small things ? For they shall rejoice and shall see the plummet stone in the hand of Zerubbabel . These seven are the eyes of Jehovah ; they run to and fro through all the earth .


and God's wrath came on them and killed the fattest of them ; and He struck down the choice ones of Israel .
And will you then come and stand before Me in this house on which My name is called , and say , We are delivered in order to do all those detestable things .

Counsel in a man's heart is like deep water , but an understanding man will draw it out .
But only they were hearing that he who was persecuting us then , now proclaims the faith which he then ravaged ;
and through Him making peace by the blood of His cross , to reconcile all things to Himself ; through Him , whether the things on the earth , or the things in the heavens .
And they said each to his brother , Let us appoint a leader and return to Egypt .
And they returned the answer to us this way , saying , We are servants of the God of Heaven and earth . And we are rebuilding the house that was built many years before this , and the great king of Israel built it and finished it .
Yet You in Your great mercies did not forsake them in the wilderness . The pillar of cloud did not depart from them by day to lead them in the way , nor the pillar of fire by night , to show them light , and the way in which they should go .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Be fellow-imitators of me , brothers , and consider those walking this way , even as you have us for a pattern .
And who is like Your people , like Israel , the one nation in the earth that God went out to redeem to be a people for Himself , and to make Himself a name , and to do for You great and fearful things for Your land , before Your people which You redeemed to Yourself from Egypt , from nations and their gods ?
And they shall answer and say , Our hands have not shed this blood , nor have our eyes seen it .
And I will rejoice in Jerusalem , and joy in My people . And the voice of weeping and the voice of crying shall no longer be heard in her .
Then the high priest tore his garments , saying , He blasphemed ! Why do we have any more need of witnesses ? Behold , now you have heard his blasphemy .
Listen carefully to the thunder of His voice , and the rumbling that comes out from His mouth .
And in the time of his distress he added to act slyly against Jehovah , this king Ahaz ;
For I have known him , so that whatever he may command his sons and his house after him , even they may keep the way of Jehovah , to do righteousness and justice ; to the intent that Jehovah may bring on Abraham that which He has spoken of him .
And he called it Shebah ; so the name of the city is The Well of Sheba until this day .
And Laban overtook Jacob . And Jacob had pitched his tent at the Mount . And Laban with his brothers had pitched at Mount Gilead .


from a son of thirty years and upward , even to a son of fifty years , everyone who is going into the service , for work in the tabernacle of the congregation .
But you , beloved , building yourselves up by your most holy faith , praying in the Holy Spirit ,
And when eight days were fulfilled to circumcise the child His name was called Jesus , the name called by the angel before He was conceived in the womb .

Your neck is like an ivory tower ; your eyes like the fishpools in Heshbon , by the gate of Bathrabbim . Your nose is like a tower of Lebanon , peering toward the face of Damascus .
And My eye spared them , from destroying them , and I did not make an end of them in the wilderness .
And casting off the anchors , they left them in the sea , at the same time loosening the bands of the rudders , and raising the foresail to the breeze , they held to the shore .
And Joash the king did not remember the kindness that Jehoiada his father had done to him , and killed his son . And when he died , he said , Jehovah shall seek you out .
Speak to the sons of Israel , saying , In the seventh month , on the first of the month , you shall have a sabbath , a memorable acclamation , a holy gathering .
And Eleasah fathered Sisamai and Sisamai fathered Shallum .
saying , Teacher , Moses said , If any should die not having children , his brother shall marry his wife , and shall raise up seed to his brother .
Blow a ram's horn in Zion , and shout an alarm in My holy mountain . Let all the inhabitants of the land tremble . For the day of Jehovah approaches ; it is near ,

And the anger of Saul glowed against Jonathan . And he said to him , Son of a perverse rebelliousness ! Do I not know that you have chosen the son of Jesse to your shame , and to the shame of the nakedness of your mother ?
he has loaned on interest and has taken increase ; shall he also live ? He shall not live . He has done all these abominations ; he shall surely die ; his blood shall be on him .
Let its waters foam ; let the mountains shake in its swelling . Selah .

You shall lift up the whole heave offering of Jehovah out of all your gifts , out of all its fat , its holy part , out of it .
For now I have sent forth My hand and have stricken you and your people with pestilence , and you have been destroyed from the earth .
And she said to him , I am the daughter of Bethuel , the son of Milcah , whom she bore to Nahor .
And the Philistines were fighting against Israel . And the men of Israel fled from the face of the Philistines , and they fell down wounded in Mount Gilboa .
Then I hope to send this one at once , whenever I shall see the things about me .
They surrounded Benjamin , and they pursued them without rest . And they trod them down until they were opposite Gibeah , at the rising of the sun
And they made two rings of gold , and they put them on the two ends of the breast pocket , on its edge , on the inward side of the ephod .
And it happened , at the time one brought in the chest to the king's overseers , by the hand of the Levites , and when they saw that the silver was much a scribe of the king came in , and an officer of the head priest , and they emptied the chest and took it up and returned it to its place ; so they did day by day , and gathered much silver .
And Peter being in the court below , one of the high priest's female slaves came .
And there were some Greeks among those coming up , that they might worship at the Feast .
Because of this , He says , Arise , sleeping ones and stand up out of the dead ones , and Christ will shine on you . No OT passage

And under the expanse their wings were straight , the one toward the other , to each , two wings covering on this side , and to each two covering on that side of their bodies .

for that is his only covering , that is his covering for his skin . In what shall he lie down ? And it shall be , when he cries to Me , I will hear , for I am compassionate .
And my eye is dim from grief ; and all my members are like a shadow .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Go in to Pharaoh and say to him , So says Jehovah the God of the Hebrews , Send away My people that they may serve Me .
Do not allow your mouth to cause your flesh to sin ; do not say before the angel that it was an error . Why should God be angry over your voice , and destroy the work of your hands ?
And Jehovah said to Joshua , Do not be afraid of them , for I have given them into your hands . Not a man of them shall stand before you .
And it happened , as he had interpreted to us , so it was ; he returned me to my place , and he hanged him .
and the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnappar exiled and set in the cities of Samaria , and the rest of the province Beyond the River , and now ,
For the mountains shall depart and the hills be removed , but My mercy shall not depart from you ; nor shall the covenant of My peace be removed , says Jehovah who has pity on you .
And He said to them , Do you do well to set aside the commandment of God so that you may keep your tradition ?
If you are righteous , what do you give to Him ? Or what does He receive from your hand ?
One has made it desolate ; it mourns to Me . The whole land is a desolation , but no man lays it to heart .
And he shall take a censer full of coals of the fire from off the altar before Jehovah , and his hands full of fragrant perfumes beaten small , and bring it within the veil .
It is not for kings , O Lemuel , it is not for kings to drink wine , nor for princes to lust for fermented drink ,
And say to Amasa , Are you not my bone and my flesh ? So shall God do to me , and more so He shall do , if you are not commander of the army before me all the days , instead of Joab .
And the fortress shall cease from Ephraim ; and the kingdom from Damascus and the rest of Syria . They shall be as the glory of the sons of Israel , declares Jehovah of Hosts .
And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him . For he had made the sons of Israel certainly swear , saying , God will surely visit you , and you shall cause my bones to go from here with you .
And it happened , when the day of feasting had gone around , would send and sanctify them . And he would rise early in the morning and offer burnt sacrifices according to all their number . For said , It may be that my sons have sinned , and cursed God in their hearts . This always did .
And he put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod , memorial stones for the sons of Israel , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
With His feathers He will cover you , and under His wings you shall seek refuge ; His truth is a shield and buckler .
For I hope in You , O Jehovah ; O Lord my God You will answer .
For I said in my haste , I am cut off from Your eyes ; surely you heard the voice of my prayers when I cried to You .
And its thickness was one hand wide ; and its brim was fashioned like the brim of a cup , with a bud of a lily . It contained two thousand baths .
And the sons of Simeon : Jemuel , and Jamin , and Ohad , and Jachin , and Zohar , and Shaul , the son of a Canaanitess ; these were the families of Simeon .
And the sons of Israel gave to the Levites out of their inheritance these cities and their open land , at the mouth of Jehovah :
This is the meaning of the thing : A MINA : God has numbered your kingdom and finished it .

And the people stole away on that day to go into the city , as the people steal away who are ashamed as they flee in battle .
And from there it passes on along on the east to Gittah-hepher , to Ittah-kazin , and goes out to Remmon-methoar to Neah .

And He spoke to them many things in parables , saying : Behold , the sower went out to sow .
My son , do not walk in the way with them ! Hold back your foot from their path ;
My brothers have dealt deceitfully , like the torrent ; like the streams of torrents , they vanish ;
And the house which I am building shall be great , for our God is greater than all gods .
And the heart of the king of Syria was enraged over this thing . And he called his servants and said to them , Will you not tell me who of us is for the king of Israel ?
And it was told to Joshua , saying , the five kings have been found hidden in a cave at Makkedah .
And a man has done abomination with his neighbor's wife , and a man has defiled his daughter-in-law in unchaste acts . And in you a man has humbled his sister , his father's daughter .
And David went up according to Gad's word , as Jehovah commanded .
And , behold ! An angel of the Lord stood by , and a light shone in the building . And striking Peter's side , he raised him up , saying , Rise up in haste ! And the chains fell off from his hands .
And the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were his first-born Mesha , who was the father of Ziph ; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron .
the steps of his strength shall be hampered ; and his own counsel shall tumble him .
And now your two sons , those born to you in the land of Egypt before my coming to you in Egypt , are mine , Ephraim and Manasseh , like Reuben and Simeon , even they shall be mine .
You are of purer eyes than to behold evil , and You are not able to look upon vexation . Why do you look on those who deal deceitfully ? Will You be silent when the wicked swallows one more righteous than he ?
You are the light of the world . A city situated on a mountain cannot be hidden .
And they did so , and made all recline .
And they killed the passover offering on the fourteenth of the second month . And the priests and the Levites were ashamed , and sanctified themselves , and brought in burnt offerings to the house of Jehovah .
I go in mourning with no sun ; I stood up in the assembly , and I cried out .
who also eat the flesh of My people , and cause their skin to come off from them ; yea , they break their bones and shatter , like that in the pot , and as flesh in the midst of the kettle .

And Shaul died , and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his place .
And Jehovah your God shall give it into your hand ; and you shall strike every male of it by the mouth of the sword .
Their soul dies in youth , and their life ends among the sodomites .
And Haman told them of the glory of his riches , and his many sons , and all to which the king had promoted him , and how he lifted him up above the princes and the servants of the king .
No one calls for righteousness ; and no one pleads with truth . Trusting emptiness , and speaking vanity , they conceive mischief , and give birth to evil .
And he cried out , saying , Jesus , son of David , pity me !
Purify the arrows , fill the shields ; Jehovah has aroused the spirit of the kings of the Medes . For His plan is against Babylon , to destroy it , because it is the vengeance of Jehovah , the vengeance of His temple .
From that land he went forth to Assyria and built Nineveh , and Rehoboth the city , and Calah ,
Only two things do not do to me , O God ; then I will not hide myself from Your face :
The days of our years are seventy ; and if any by strength live eighty years , yet their pride is labor and vanity ; for it soon passes , and we fly away .
Prudence is a fountain of life to those who own it , but the teaching of fools is folly .
You know the commandments : Do not commit adultery , do not commit murder , do not steal , do not bear false witness , do not defraud , honor your father and mother .
from which having missed the mark , some turned aside to empty talking ,
But Saul ravaged the church , entering house by house , dragging both men and women , he delivered them to prison .
And she conceived and bore a son . And she said , God has taken away my reproach .
And David gathered all Israel to Jerusalem , to bring up the ark of Jehovah to its place that he had prepared for it .
Make Your face shine on Your servant , and teach me Your statutes .
But , nay , rather I also count all things to be loss because of the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord , for whose sake I have suffered the loss of all things and count them to be trash , that I might gain Christ
He may give him forty stripes ; he shall not add more , lest , if he should exceed and beat him above with many stripes , then your brother would be dishonored before your eyes .
because he did not remember to do mercy ; and persecuted the poor and needy man ; even to kill the broken-hearted .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,

And Ahab made an Asherah , and Ahab did still more to provoke to anger Jehovah the God of Israel than all the kings of Israel that were before him .
until I place Your enemies as a footstool for Your feet . "
In this My Father is glorified , that you should bear much fruit ; and you will be My disciples .
And as John fulfilled the course , he said , Whom do you suppose me to be ? I am not He , but , behold , " He comes after me , of whom I am not worthy to loosen the sandal of His feet . "
that they might pray for the mercies of God in Heaven about this secret , that and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon .
You have plowed wickedness ; you have reaped iniquity . You have eaten the fruit of lies because you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
For the Scripture says , " Everyone believing on Him will not be put to shame . "

And for this reason I have made you stand , in order to cause you to see My power , and in order to declare My name in all the land .
Not everyone who says to Me , Lord , Lord , will enter into the kingdom of Heaven , but the ones who do the will of My Father in Heaven .
And did he not say to me , She is my sister ? And she , even she herself said , He is my brother . In the honor of my heart and the purity of my hands I have done this .

But it is you , a man of my rank , my friend and my associate .
And it happened on this day , that he went into the house to do his work . And none of the men of the house were there in the house .
And he told it to his father , and to his brothers . And his father rebuked him , and said to him , What is this dream which you have dreamed ? Shall we indeed come to bow ourselves to the earth to you , I , your mother , and your brothers ?
And the Lord said , Simon , Simon , behold ! Satan asked for you , to sift you as wheat ;

When you gather the grapes of your vineyard , you shall not glean it afterward . It shall be for the alien , for the orphan , and for the widow .
butter from cows , and milk from the flock , with fat from lambs , and rams of the sons of Bashan , and he goats , with the fat of the kidneys of wheat , and of the blood of the grape you shall drink wine .
They will put you out of the synagogue , but an hour is coming that everyone killing you will think to bear a service before God .
But all things being exposed by the light are clearly revealed , for everything having been revealed is light .
I spoke with my heart , saying , Lo , I have become great and have increased wisdom over all that have been over Jerusalem before me . Yea , my heart has seen much wisdom and knowledge .
And the king said , Divide the living child into two , and give the half to the one , and the half to the other .
Why have I seen that they are afraid and turned backward ? And their mighty ones are beaten down , and have fled for refuge , and do not look back . Terror is all around , says Jehovah .
And seven steps were going up to it , and its porches were before them . And palm trees were to it , one from here and one from there , to its pillars .
But I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand , but I will make him ruler all the days of his life , for My servant David's sake , whom I chose , because he kept My commands and My statutes .
Where is this , the way light dwells ; and where is the place of darkness ,
And the Philistines were afraid , for they said God has come to the camp . And they said , Woe to us ! For never has it been like this before .

And the sons of Bilhah , Rachel's slave-girl : Dan and Naphtali .
And all the city was filled with confusion . And they rushed with one passion into the theater , keeping a firm grip on Gaius and Aristarchus , Macedonians , traveling companions of Paul .
The word which was to from Jehovah in the days of Jehoiakim , the son of Josiah , king of Judah , saying ,
And the king rose up by night and said to his servants , Let me show you now that which the Syrians have done to us . They know that we are famished , and they have gone out from the camp to hide in the field , saying , When they come out of the city , then we will catch them alive and we shall come into the city .
and Hebron , and Rehob , and Hammon , and Kanah to great Sidon .
Our soul has escaped like a bird out of the fowlers' snare ; the snare is broken , and we have escaped .
as free , and not having freedom as a cover of evil , but as slaves of God ;
For the one serving Christ in these things is pleasing to God , and approved by men .
If I had called and He had answered me ; I would not believe that He had listened to my voice ;
Do not listen to them . Serve the king of Babylon and live . Why should this city be a waste ?
All this came on the king , Nebuchadnezzar .
And He is made to breathe in the fear of Jehovah . But He shall not judge by the seeing of His eyes , nor decide by the hearing of His ears .
My son , keep your father's commands , and do not forsake the law of your mother .

O Jehovah , Your purposes are very deep . How great are Your works !

Oh that this heart of theirs would be like this always , to fear Me , and to keep all My commandments , that it might be well with them , and with their sons forever .
And he priest shall look on him on the seventh day , and , behold , if the plague stays in its appearance , and the plague has not spread in the skin , then the priest shall shut him up seven more days .
so that you attend to wisdom , you shall extend your heart to understanding .
And Moses raised up the tabernacle , and he gave its sockets , and he set up its boards , and he gave its bars , and he raised up its pillars .
And answered and said :
And he said to them , May Jehovah be so with you , as I send you away , and your little ones . Watch ! For evil is before your face !
And when they came on the place being called Skull , they crucified Him and the criminals there , one on the right , and one on the left .
Simon the Canaanite , and Judas Iscariot , who also betrayed Him .
A lying tongue hates the ones it crushes , and a flattering mouth works stumbling .

Set apart to Me every first-born , the one Opening the womb among the sons of Israel , among men and among livestock ; they shall be Mine .
While the King is in His circle , my spikenard gives its fragrance .
Blessed is that slave when his Lord comes and will find him so doing .
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness , but rather even reprove them .
But a certain man named Cornelius was in Caesarea , a centurion of a cohort being called Italian ,
Jehovah is slow to anger , and of great mercy , bearing away iniquity and transgression ; and by no means will clear the guilty , visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the sons , on the third and on the fourth generation .
Philip finds Nathanael and said to him , We have found the One of whom Moses wrote in the Law and the Prophets , Jesus the son of Joseph , from Nazareth .
For he knew they delivered Him up through envy .
For so says Jehovah , Behold , I will sling out the dwellers of the land at this time , and I will distress them so that they may find Me .
And Asa was angry with the seer ; and he gave him up to the house of stocks . For he was in a rage with him for this . And Asa oppressed some of the people at that time .
Praise Jehovah ! Sing to Jehovah a new song , His praise in the assembly of the saints .
On account of this I am commanding you , saying , You shall separate to yourself three cities .
But from the beginning of creation " God made them male and female . "
For neither Israel nor Judah has been forsaken by his God , by Jehovah of Hosts , though their land was filled with guilt against the Holy One of Israel .
And he said to the sons of Israel , So says Jehovah the God of Israel , I caused Israel to go up from Egypt and delivered you from the hand of the Egyptians , and from the hand of all the kingdoms who oppressed you .

And he took the commanders of the hundreds , and the honorable ones , and the rulers among the people , and all the people of the land , and brought the king down from the house of Jehovah ; and they came in through the Upper Gate to the king's house , and made the king sit on the throne of the kingdom .

And Abishai the son of Zeruiah , the brother of Joab , was the commander of three . And he raised up his spear against three hundred , and killed them . And he had the name among the three .
saying , Go into the village opposite you , in which having entered you will find a colt which has been tied up , on which no one of men ever yet sat . Untying it , bring it .

When they stood still , these stood still . And when they rose up , these also lifted up . For the spirit of the living creature was in them .
In their going on their four sides , they went . They did not turn in their going . For to the place where the head faces , after it they went . They did not turn in their going .
For God makes my heart weak , and the Almighty troubles me .

When Jehovah shall build up Zion , He shall appear in His glory .
But be careful lest this authority of yours become a cause of stumbling to the weak ones .
then it happened , at the end of forty days and forty nights Jehovah gave the two tablets of stone to me , tablets of the covenant ,
But that I not hinder you more , I beseech you to hear us briefly in your fairness .

giving rain on the face of the earth and sending water on the face of the field ;
And it happened in the seventh month , Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , the son of Elishama , of the royal seed , and of the chief ones of the king , and ten men with him , came to Gedaliah , the son of Ahikam , to Mizpah . And they ate bread together there in Mizpah .
And you shall command the sons of Israel , and let them bring to you pure olive oil beaten for the light , to set up lamps perpetually .
The one believing into Me , as the Scripture said , Out of his belly will flow rivers of living water . No OT passage
You are glorious , more excellent than the mountains of prey .
Bow down Your ear to me ; deliver me quickly , be a strong rock to me , for a house of fortresses to save me .
And David said to Uriah , Remain here today also , and tomorrow I will send you away . And Uriah remained in Jerusalem on that day , and on the next day .
Therefore you shall obey the voice of Jehovah your God and do His commandments and His statutes which I command you today .
And Moses stretched out his hand to the heavens , and darkness of gloom was in all the land of Egypt three days .
And after these days , having made ready , we went up to Jerusalem .
And now kill every male among the infants ; yea , you shall kill every woman having known a man by lying with a male .
For You are a stronghold to the poor , a stronghold to the needy in his distress , a refuge from storm , a shadow from heat ; because the breath of the ruthless is like a storm against a wall .
As God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and their neighbors , states Jehovah , so no man shall live there , nor shall a son of man stay in it .
And I have added fifteen years to your days ; and I will deliver you and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria , and shall defend this city for My own sake , and for My servant David's sake .
then He declares to them their work and their transgressions , that they have behaved proudly .
Whoever has the means of life of the world , and sees his brother having need , and shuts up his bowels from him , how does the love of God abide in him ?
You lived luxuriously on the earth , and lived in self gratification ; you nourished your hearts as in a day of slaughter ;
In the first year of Belshazzar , king of Babylon , saw a dream and visions of his head on his bed . Then he related the dream , giving the sum of the matters .
So then , the one speaking in a language , let him pray that he may interpret .
For you shall not bow to another god , for Jehovah whose name is Jealous , He is a jealous God ;
And he washed his face and controlled himself , and went out and said , Set out bread .
and Eliud fathered Eleazar , and Eleazar fathered Matthan , and Matthan fathered Jacob ,
But you , because you warned him , the righteous , so that the righteous should not sin , and he does not sin , he shall surely live because he is warned . And you have delivered your soul .
And he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean . And he shall send out the living bird into the open field .
and for the wood offering , at appointed times , and for the firstfruits . Remember me , O my God , for good !

For it was better for them not to have fully known the way of righteousness , than fully knowing to turn from the holy commandment delivered to them .
And Satan answered Jehovah and said , Skin for skin . Yea , all that a man has he will give for his life .
and Gedor , and Ahio , and Zechariah , and Mikloth .
And He has on His garment and on His thigh a name having been written : KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS .
And the young woman was good in his eyes , and she rose in favor before him . And he hastened her purifiers , and her portions , to give them to her . And seven young women were seen to be given to her out of the king's house . And he moved her and her maids to the best place in the house of the women .

Then He said to me , See , I have given to you the dung of cattle in place of the dung of man . And you shall prepare bread over it .
But let all who put their trust in You rejoice ; let them shout for joy forever , because You cover them . And let those who love Your name be joyful in You .


and there is no creature unrevealed before Him ; but all things are naked and laid open to His eyes , with whom is our account .
Lying lips are hateful to Jehovah , but those who deal faithfulness are His delight .
And God made the beasts of the earth according to its kind , and cattle according to its kind , and all creepers of the ground according to its kind . And God saw that it was good .
And other fell on the thorns , and the thorns grew up and choked them .
But He chose the tribe of Judah , the Mount Zion which He loved .
And He saw that there was no man , and He was astonished that there was no intercessor . And His own arm saved for Him ; and His righteousness sustained Him .
I will teach you by the hand of God ; that which is with the Almighty I will not hide .
and said to me , Behold , I will make you fruitful and will multiply you , and will make you a multitude of peoples . And I will give this land to your seed after you as a continual possession .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying :
And the Devil leading them astray was thrown into the Lake of Fire and Brimstone , where the beast and the false prophet were . And they were tormented day and night forever and ever .
And it happened , when Adoni-zedek king of Jerusalem heard that had captured Ai , and had destroyed it ( as he had done to Jericho and to its king , so he had done to Ai and to her king ) and that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel , and were in their midst ,
And the Ammonites paid tribute to Uzziah ; and his name spread abroad to the entrance of Egypt ; for he became exceedingly strong .
If the place which Jehovah your God shall choose to put His name there is too far from you , then you shall kill of your herd and of your flock which Jehovah has given you , as I have commanded you ; and you shall eat within your gates according to all the desire of your soul .
Then I said , Ah , Lord Jehovah ! Behold , I do not know how to speak for I am a boy .
And he will defile by flatteries those who do evil against the covenant . But the people who know their God will be strong and will work .
And Aaron said to Moses , Oh my lord , I beg you , do not lay sin upon us , by which we have done foolishly , and by which we have sinned .
And he remained there that night . And he took a present from what came into his hand , for his brother Esau :
And after he ate bread and after he drank , it happened that he saddled the ass for him , for the prophet whom he had brought back .
and having put on the new , having been renewed in full knowledge according to the image of the One creating him ,
Johanan , the eighth ; Elzabad , the ninth ;
If I had not come and had not spoken to them , they had no sin . But now they do not have excuse as to their sin .
Awake , Awake , Deborah ! Awake , awake , utter a song ! Rise , Barak , and lead your captives captive , son of Abinoam .
But afterward they turned and caused to return the male slaves and the female slaves whom they sent away . And they subjected them for male slaves and for female slaves .
who will speak words to you by which you and all your household will be saved .
Be still , inhabitants of the coast , trader of Sidon crossing the sea ; they have filled you .
For not a word is on my tongue , but , lo , O Jehovah , You know it all .
Jehovah talked with you face to face in the mountain out of the midst of the fire .
and at Anathoth ; Nob ; Ananiah ;
We notify the king that if that city is built , and its walls completed , then you shall have no portion Beyond the River .
where there is no Greek and Jew , circumcision and uncircumcision , foreigner , Scythian , slave or freeman , but Christ is all things and in all .
For God did not call us to impurity , but in sanctification .
And next to him the men of Jericho built . And next to him Zaccur the son of Imri built .
but the sons of Korah did not die .
And the Devil said to Him , I will give all this authority and their glory to You , because it has been delivered to me , and I give it to whomever I wish .
My tears have been my food by day and by night , while they say to me all the day long , Where is your God ?
And most of the crowd spread their garments on the road . And others were cutting branches from the trees and were spreading them in the road .
And it shall be , he shall eat curds from the plenty of milk making ; for everyone who is left in the land shall eat curds and honey .
He who walks righteously and speaks uprightly ; he who despises the gain of oppressions , who shakes his hands free from taking the bribe , who stops his ear from hearing of blood , and shuts his eyes from looking at evil .
But a natural man does not receive the things of the Spirit of God , for they are foolishness to him , and he is not able to know them , because they are spiritually discerned .
And behold , being planted , shall it prosper ? Shall it not utterly wither when the east wind touches it ? It shall wither in the beds where it sprouted .
And it happened , as Aaron was speaking to all the congregation of the sons of Israel , they turned toward the wilderness . And , behold ! The glory of Jehovah appeared in the cloud !
Truly I say to you , he will set him over all his possessions .
But He said to them , Have you not read what David did , when he and those with him hungered ?
And all the rulers of the king of Babylon came in and sat in the middle gate : Nergal-sharezer , Samgar-nebo , Sarsechim , chief of the eunuchs , Nergal-sharezer , chief soothsayer , and all the rest of the rulers of the king of Babylon .
We all of us roar like bears , and we moan sadly like doves . We look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far from us .
And the rest of the acts of Josiah , and godly deeds , are according as it is written in the law of Jehovah .
And they gave to him a piece of fig-cake , and two bunches of raisins . And he ate , and his spirit returned to him , for he had not eaten food nor drunk water three days and three nights .
And Benjamin fathered his first-born Bela ; Ashbel , the second ; and Aharah , the third ;
And if he is poor , and his hand is not able to reach these things , then he shall take one lamb as a guilt offering , for a wave offering , to atone for himself , and one tenth part of flour mixed with oil for a food offering , and a log of oil ,
But that slave knowing the will of his Lord , and not preparing , nor doing according to His will , will be beaten with many stripes .
And you are Christ's body , and members in part .

And he will show you a large upper room , having been spread and made ready . Prepare for us there .
I fear for you , lest somehow I have labored among you in vain .
For how can I go to my father , and the youth not be with me , lest I look on the evil which will find my father ?
and not holding fast the Head , from whom all the body having been supplied through the joints and bands , and having been joined together , will grow with the growth of God .
You shall not eat one day , nor two days , nor five days , nor ten days , nor twenty days ;
And as the king saw a watcher and a holy one coming down from the heavens , and saying , Cut the tree down , and destroy it . Yet leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and bronze , in the grass of the field . And let him be wet with the dew of the heavens , and his portion be with the animals of the field , until seven times pass over him .


The sacrifice of the wicked is a hateful thing to Jehovah , but the prayer of the upright is His delight .
But speaking boldly , Paul and Barnabas said , It was necessary for the Word of God to be spoken first to you ; but since you indeed thrust it away and judge yourselves not worthy of eternal life , behold , we turn to the nations .

And that which Rizpah the daughter of Aiah , Saul's concubine , had done was told to David .
Since you were precious in My eyes , you are honored , and I love you ; and I give men instead of you ; and peoples instead of your soul .
And they pulled up from Rithmah and camped in The Pomegranate Breach .
And Pilate marveled if He had already died . And calling the centurion near , he asked him if He died already .
But Elnathan , and Delaiah , and Gemariah had pleaded with the king that he should not burn the roll , but he would not listen to them .
And when a man's head grows bald , he is bald , he is clean .
A man lacking heart strikes the palm , he pledges in the presence of his friend .
the screen of the court , its pillars and its sockets , and the screen for the opening of the court , its cords and its pins , and all the vessels of the service of the tabernacle for the tabernacle of the congregation .
Shall Your wonders be known in the dark , and Your righteousness in the land of forgetfulness ?
And a man with an unclean spirit was in their synagogue . And he cried out ,

Then two robbers were crucified with Him , one off the right , and one off the left of Him .
And all the people said to Samuel , Pray to Jehovah your God for your servants , and not we will die , for we have added this evil to all our sins to ask a king for ourselves .
I said in my heart , God shall judge the righteous and the wicked ; for there is a time there for every matter and for every work .

And Joshua sent the people away , and the sons of Israel each went to his inheritance , to possess the land .
And they taught in Judah ; and with them was the book of the law of Jehovah . And they went around to all the cities of Judah , and taught among the people .
the one opposing and exalting himself over everything being called God , or object of worship , so as for him " to sit in the temple of God " as God , proclaiming that he himself is God .
but the ones waiting for Jehovah shall renew power ; they shall go up with wings as the eagles ; they shall run and not be weary ; they shall walk and not be faint !

And other fell on the rock ; and sprouting , it dried up because of not having moisture .
And you shall take to yourselves on the first day the fruit of majestic trees , palm branches , and boughs of oak trees , and willows of the brook , and shall rejoice before Jehovah your God seven days .
You shall not sacrifice to Jehovah your God an ox or sheep in which there is a blemish , any evil thing , for it is a hateful thing to Jehovah your God .
The one who is of God hears the words of God ; for this reason you do not hear , because you are not of God .
And David the king rose up on his feet and said , Hear me , my brothers and my people . With my heart I desired to build a house of rest for the ark of the covenant of Jehovah , and for the footstool of our God . And I made preparations to build .
And do not turn aside to go after worthless things which do not profit and do not deliver , for they are worthless .
Beloved , do not be astonished at the fiery trial happening among you for your testing , as if a surprise were occurring to you ;
And Uzziah had an army making war , going out to the battle by troops , according to the number of their account by the . hand of Jeiel the scribe , and Maaseiah the superintendent under the hand of Hananiah , of the king's leaders .
And the river will swarm with frogs . And they shall go up and enter into your house , and into your bedroom , and on your couch , and into your servants' house , and on your people , and into your ovens and into your kneading troughs .
All unrighteousness is sin , and there is a sin not unto death .
So , O king , let my advice be pleasing to you : Even break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by pitying the poor , whether there will be duration to your prosperity .





And the chief priests and the elders and the whole sanhedrin looked for false testimony against Jesus , so that they might put Him to death ,
And every man and woman whose hearts made them willing to bring for all the work which Jehovah commanded to be done by the hand of Moses ; the sons of Israel brought a willing offering to Jehovah .
And the brothers from there hearing about us , they came out to meet us , as far as the marketplace of Appius , and Three Taverns ; whom Paul seeing , thanking God , he took courage .
then I would speak , and not fear Him ; for I am not so in myself .
But You , O God , will bring them down to the pit of destruction ; men of blood and deceit will not live out half their days ; but I will trust in You .
So then he promised with an oath to give her whatever she should ask .

You are exhausted by your many plans ; let those dividing the heavens stand up now and save you , the stargazers , making known what is coming on you into the new moons .
Indeed , then , there is already a failure with you all , that you have lawsuits with yourselves . Why not instead be wronged ? Why not instead be defrauded ?
Of the sons of Simeon , their generations , by their families , by their fathers' house , his numbered ones in the number of names , by their heads , every male from a son of twenty years and upward , everyone able to go out to war :
They gave according to their ability to the treasury of the ministry , sixty one thousand drachmas of gold , and five thousand minas of silver , and one hundred garments for the priests .
And a priest's daughter , when she belongs to an alien man , she shall not eat of the heave offering of the holy things .
And David said to God , I have sinned exceedingly in that I have done this thing ; and now , I pray You to cause the iniquity of Your servant to pass away , for I have acted very foolishly .
And now you know the thing holding back , for him to be revealed in his time .

And again his servants spoke against Jehovah God , and against His servant Hezekiah .
In the seventh month , in the fifteenth day of the month , at the feast , he shall prepare like these seven days as the sin offering , as the burnt offering , as the food offering , and as the oil .
the son of Matthat , the son of Levi , the son of Melchi , the son of Janna , the son of Joseph ,
These are the names of those born to him in Jerusalem : Shammua , and Shobab , and Nathan , and Solomon ,
And say to the land of Israel , So says Jehovah : Behold , I am against you and will draw out My sword from its sheath , and I will cut off from you the righteous and the wicked .
Where has your Beloved gone , most beautiful among women ? Where has your Beloved turned ? For we seek Him along with you .
And Samson said , With the jawbone of an ass , a heap , two heaps , with the jawbone of an ass I have killed a thousand men .
And He also gave authority to Him to execute judgment , for He is the Son of man .
And they poured out for the men to eat . And it happened , when they were eating the soup , they cried out and said , Death is in the pot O man of God ! And they were not able to eat .
and twelve lions were standing there on the six steps on this side and on that . There was not any such made for any kingdom .
And there was a certain poor one named Lazarus who had been laid at his porch , being plagued by sores ,
But they dragged Alexander forward out of the crowd , the Jews thrusting him in front . And waving his hand , Alexander desired to defend himself to the mob .
And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes , and took torches , and turned tail to tail , and put a torch between he two tails , in the middle .
But whoever keeps His word , truly in this one the love of God has been perfected . By this we know that we are in Him .
And when he puts forth his own sheep , he goes in front of them , and the sheep follow him because they know his voice .
And Absalom fled , and went to Talmai the son of Ammihud , the king of Geshur . And David mourned for his son all the time .

Then stand firm in the freedom with which Christ made us free and do not be held again with a yoke of slavery .
And who is the man who has betrothed a woman , and has not taken her ? Let him go and return to his house , that he not die in the battle , and another man take her .
Will you play with him as with a bird ; or will you tie him up for your maidens ?
And now all of them , go back and please come again ; and I shall not find among you a wise man .
And he gathered them into custody three days .
Likewise at the same time I said to the people , Let each man with his servant stay inside Jerusalem , so that in the night they may be a guard to us , and labor in the day .
to break Assyria in My land , and trample him on My mountains . Then his yoke shall depart from them , and his burden shall depart from his shoulders .
Who has set its measurements , for you know ? Or who has stretched a line on it ?
And he went in to his wife . And she conceived and bore a son . And he called his name Beriah , because his house was in evil .
And the rest of the acts of Amaziah , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?

And he shall flee to one of those cities and shall stand at the entrance of the gate of the city , and shall declare his matter in the ears of the elders of that city . And they shall take him into the city to themselves , and shall give him a place , and he shall live with them .
About the ninth hour of the day , he saw plainly in a vision an angel of God coming to him , and saying to him , Cornelius !
And you , son of man , say to the sons of your people , The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his trespass . And the evil of the evil , in the day he turns from his wickedness , he shall not fall by it . And the righteous shall not be able to live by it in the day he sins .
And again He began to teach by the sea . And a large crowd was gathered to Him , so that He entered into the boat in order to sit in the sea . And all the crowd were on the land toward the sea .
In that day I will strike every horse with panic and his rider with madness , says Jehovah . And I will open My eyes on the house of Judah , and I will strike every horse of the peoples with blindness .
For the rest , brothers , pray concerning us , that the Word of the Lord may run and be glorified , even as also it has with you ,
Now to Him being able to do exceedingly above all that we ask or think , according to the power working in us ,
Then having a great High Priest who has passed through the heavens , Jesus the Son of God , let us hold fast the confession .
therefore so says Jehovah , the God of Israel , Behold , I am bringing evil on Jerusalem and Judah , so that whoever hears of it , his two ears shall tingle .
And now , behold , the king is walking before you , but I am old and gray . And , behold , my sons , they are with you . And I have walked before your face from my youth until this day .
In the mornings I will cut off all the wicked of the land , so that I may cut off all the evil workers from the city of Jehovah .
And Urijah the priest built the altar according to all that king Ahaz had sent from Damascus ; so Urijah the priest did until king Ahaz came in from Damascus .
And He took along Peter and James and John with Him . And He began to be much amazed and to be deeply troubled .
Jesus said to them , My food is that I should do the will of Him who sent Me , and that I may finish His work .
Sell your possessions and give alms . Make for yourselves purses that do not grow old , an unfailing treasure in Heaven , where a thief cannot come near , nor moth can corrupt .
For , brothers , you remember our labor and toil , night and day , working in order not to put a burden on any one of you , we proclaimed to you the gospel of God .
perfect you in every good work , in order to do His will , doing in you that which is pleasing in His sight , through Jesus Christ , to whom be the glory forever and ever . Amen .


And on the next day , Paul went in with us to James . And all the elders came .
nor shall he go out from the sanctuary ; nor shall he pollute the sanctuary of his God . For the crown of the anointing oil of his God is on him ; I am Jehovah .
That day he shall come even to you from Assyria and the besieged cities , and from the siege even to the River , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
the voice of one crying in the wilderness . Prepare the way of the Lord , make His paths straight . "
And he hurried and took the ashes from his eyes . And the king of Israel saw him , that he was of the prophets .
And he said , My Lord Jehovah , by what shall I know that I shall inherit it ?
But he walked in the way of the kings of Israel , and also he caused his son to pass through the fire , according to the idolatries of the nations , whom Jehovah had cast out from before the sons of Israel .
And the first dwellers who lived in their possessions in their cities were the Israelites , the priests , Levites , and the temple slaves .
Of the sons of Asher according to their families : of Jimna , the family of the Jimnites ; of Jesui , the family of the Jesuites of Beriah , the family of the Berites .
And they angered Him at the waters of Meribah , and it went ill for Moses because of them ;
And he said to him , Why are you , the king's son , so puny morning by morning ? Will you not tell me ? And Amnon said to him , I love Tamar , my brother Absalom's sister .
And sending into Macedonia two who ministered to him , Timothy and Erastus , he stayed a time in Asia .
For they came up with their livestock , and with their tents . They came in like locusts for number , and there was no number to them , to their camels . And they came into the land to destroy it .
You shall not run after many to gain evil things . And you shall not testify as to a lawsuit , to turn aside after many in order to pervert justice .
then the raging waters would have passed over our soul .
And Nadab and Abihu , Eleazar and Ithamar were born to Aaron .
And David was stronger than the Philistine with the sling and with the stone . And he struck the Philistine and killed him . And there was no sword in David's hand .
But going out he began to proclaim much , and to spread about the matter , so that He no longer could openly enter into a city . But He was outside in deserted places . And they came to Him from every quarter .

The sons of Zaccai , seven hundred and sixty .
And coming into the house , the blind ones came near to Him . And Jesus said to them , Do you believe that I am able to do this ? And they said to Him , Yes , Lord .
And Solomon lay with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of his father David . And his son Rehoboam reigned in his place .
And you shall slaughter the ram , and you shall take its blood and shall sprinkle it on the altar all around .
And if it is still seen in the garment , or in the warp , or in the woof , or in anything of leather , it is a spreading plague ; you shall burn it with fire , that in which the plague is .
that you may eat and drink at My table in My kingdom ; and you will sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel .
they shall leave none of it until morning , nor break a bone of it . According to all the statutes of the Passover , they shall keep it .
for you shall heap coals of fire on his head , and Jehovah shall reward you .
for it is a servant of God to you for the good . But if you practice evil , be afraid ; for he does not bear the sword in vain ; for he is a servant of God , an avenger for wrath to the one practicing evil .
Then having rowed about twenty five or thirty furlongs , they saw Jesus walking on the sea . And He having come near the boat , they were afraid .
And from the sons of Harim : Eliezer , Ishijah , Malchiah , Shemaiah , Shimeon ,
for as in Adam all die , so also in Christ all will be made alive .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah , only not as the kings of Israel who were before him .
The fourth for the fourth month was Asahel the brother of Joab , and Zebadiah his son after him ; and in his division were twenty four thousand .
For He wounds , and He binds up . He shatters , and His hands heal .
And David went on and became great . And Jehovah the God of hosts was with him .
These are the three sons of Noah , and the whole earth was overspread from them .

The Pharisees heard the crowd murmuring these things about Him , and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers , that they might seize Him .
And the son of this woman died at night , because she laid on it .
And the sockets for the pillars were bronze , the hooks of the pillars and their bands of silver . And the overlaying of their capitals were silver ; and all the pillars of the court were banded with silver .
And when Jesus had been born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king , behold , wise men arrived from the east to Jerusalem ,
They will vanish away , but You will continue ; and they will all become old , like a garment ,
I am Jehovah , and there is none else ; there is no God except Me . I will clothe you , though you do not know Me ,
And I beat them as the dust of the earth ; I crushed them small as the mire of the streets ; I spread them out .
and Eltekeh , and Gibbethon , and Baalath ,
Behold , you have heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands , to destroy them utterly . And shall you be saved
Awake ! Awake ! Put on your strength , Zion ; put on your beautiful robes , O Jerusalem , the holy city . For never again shall uncircumcised and unclean ones come to you .
And also the chief priests and the scribes mocking to one another said the same , He saved others ; he is not able to save himself .

He has come to Aiath ; he has passed to Migron ; he has left his baggage at Michmash .
And you shall make a bronze laver for washing , and its base bronze . And you shall put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar ; and you shall put water there .
But they did not listen , but did according to their former custom .
On account of this the sons of Israel do not eat the sinew of the thigh that is on the hip socket until this day , because He touched on Jacob's hip socket , on the sinew of the thigh .
in consecration and righteousness before Him all the days of our life .
But Paul thought it well not to take that one with them , he having withdrawn from them from Pamphylia , and not going with them to the work .
But I hope in the Lord Jesus to send Timothy to you soon , that I may also be of good cheer , knowing the things about you .
in hope , rejoicing ; in affliction , enduring ; in prayer , steadfastly continuing ;
I saw the Lord standing by the altar . And He said , Strike the capital of the door , and the thresholds will shake ; and break them on the head of all of them . And I will kill the last of them with the sword . Not one of them who flees will flee , and not a fugitive of them will escape .
and Hazar-shual and Beersheba and Bizjothjah ,
And to Meshelemiah were sons : Zechariah the first-born , Jediael the second , Zebadiah the third , Jathniel the fourth ,
They have lied against Jehovah and said , It is not He ; and , No evil shall come on us ; and , We shall not see sword or famine .
Jehovah will add on to you ; on you and on your sons .
And Saul clothed David with his apparel , and put a bronze helmet on his head , and clothed him with body armor .
There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem , who have ruled over all Beyond the River . And tax , tribute , and forced labor were paid to them .
being justified freely by His grace through the redemption in Christ Jesus ,
one golden pan of ten shekels full of incense ;
And mist went up from the earth and watered the whole face of the ground .

So , men , fear Him ; He does not regard any who are wise of heart .
Also their brothers , the Levites , were appointed for every service of the tabernacle of the house of God .

Please , O Jehovah , accept the free offering of my mouth , and teach me Your judgments .
And Jehovah said to me , Take a big tablet and write in it with a man's pen : Make haste to plunder ! Hasten to the prey !
Oh that I knew where I might find Him , I would come into His seat ;
For Jehovah is for my salvation ; and we will play my songs on stringed instruments all the days of our life , at the house of Jehovah .
Let it not be ! Otherwise , how will God judge the world ?
Into Your hand I commit my spirit ; You have redeemed me , O Jehovah , God of truth .
I was a stranger , and you did not take Me in ; naked , and you did not clothe Me ; sick , and in prison , and you did not visit Me .

He is not here , for He was raised , as He said . Come , see the place where the Lord was lying .
All her people sigh from seeking bread . They gave their desirable things for food to revive the soul . See , O Jehovah , and look on me , for I have become vile .
My inheritance is like a speckled bird to Me ; the birds all around are against her . Come , gather all the beasts of the field , bring them to devour .
who said of his father and his mother , I have not seen him . And he has not acknowledged his brothers , and did not know his own son , for they have kept Your word , and observed Your covenant .

So says the Lord Jehovah of Hosts , Go ! Go to this treasurer , to Shebna who is over the house .
And it happened on that night , the word of God came to Nathan , saying ,
And David answered and said to Ahimelech the Hittite , and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah , Joab's brother , saying , Who shall go down with me to Saul , to the camp ? And Abishai said , I will go down with you .
And he said to me , These are the houses of those who boil , there where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people .
And Saul heard and called all the people to battle , to go down to Keilah , to lay siege to David and to his men .
Behold , you are wiser than Daniel . Every one of the secret things are not hidden to you .
until He fills your mouth with laughter , and your lips with rejoicing .
And Azariah the chief priest , of the house of Zadok , spoke to him and said , From the beginning of the bringing of the heave offering to the house of Jehovah , it was eaten , and it satisfied , and abundance was left ; for Jehovah has blessed His people , and this abundance is left .
How often is the lamp of the wicked put out , and their calamity comes on them ! He shares out pangs in His anger ;
Then little children were brought to Him , that He might lay hands on them and might pray . But the disciples rebuked them .
And I will defile the rulers of the sanctuary , and will give Jacob to the curse , and Israel to reviling .
And they entered Jerusalem with harps and with lyres , and with trumpets , to the house of Jehovah .
And he knew it , and said , My son's tunic ! An evil beast has eaten him . Surely Joseph is torn in pieces .
And the people that followed Omri were stronger than the people who followed Tibni the son of Ginath ; and Tibni died , and Omri reigned .

that not any fornicator , or profane one , as Esau , who for one feeding gave up his birthright ;
And Joseph replied to Pharaoh , saying , Not I ! God will answer the welfare of Pharaoh .
And I will draw to you at the Kishon River Sisera the army commander of Jabin , and his chariots , and his multitude , and shall give him into your hands .
And six hundred men of the family of the Danites from Zorah and from Eshtaol girded themselves with weapons of war , moving from there .

I have heard of You by hearing of the ear , but now my eye has seen You ;
Why do you go about so much to change your way ? You also shall be ashamed of Egypt , as you were ashamed of Assyria .
And king Ahasuerus said to the queen and to Mordecai the Jew , Behold , I have given Haman's house to Esther , and they have hanged him on the wooden gallows because he put forth his hand against the Jews .
And these are they of the sons of Israel who inherited in the land of Canaan , whom Eleazar the priest and the son of Nun and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the sons of Israel caused to inherit .
to the church of God which is in Corinth , those having been sanctified in Christ Jesus , called-out saints , with all those calling on the name of our Lord Jesus Christ in every place , both theirs and ours :
For who among men knows the things of a man , except the spirit of a man within him ? So also no one has known the things of God except the Spirit of God .
Should a wise man answer with windy knowledge , and fill his belly with the east wind ?
Are they Hebrews ? I also . Are they Israelites ? I also . Are they Abraham's seed ? I also .
Then if You worship before me , all will be Yours .
In the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam , Abijah began to reign over Judah .
Bless those persecuting you ; bless , and do not curse .
But Peter said to him , May your silver be with you into perdition , because you thought to get the gift of God through money .
And now , for a little time grace has been shown from Jehovah our God to leave us a remnant to escape , and to give us a nail in His holy place , so that our God may enlighten our eyes and give us a little reviving in our bondage .
One indeed judges a day above another day ; and another one judges every day alike . Let each one be fully assured in his own mind .
And returned and captured Hazor at that time . And he struck its king by the sword ; for Hazor was formerly head of all these kingdoms .
And he shall act in the strongholds of the fortresses with a foreign god , whom he shall acknowledge . He shall multiply in glory , and he shall cause them to rule over many and shall divide the land for a price .
Hezekiah was a son of twenty five years when he began to reign , and he reigned twenty nine years in Jerusalem . And the name of his mother was Abijah , the daughter of Zechariah .

And in the beginning of your months you shall bring near a burnt offering to Jehovah : two bullocks , sons of the herd , and one ram , seven lambs , sons of a year , perfect ones .
The wind goes toward the south , and turning around to the north ; the wind is going around and around . And the wind returns on its circuits .
And I asked her and I said , Whose daughter are you ? And she said , The daughter of Bethuel the son of Nahor , whom Milcah bore to him . And I put the ring on her nose , and the bracelets on her hands .

Whoever loves instruction loves knowledge , but he who hates correction is like a brute animal .
For You are not a God enjoying wickedness ; nor shall evil live with You .
Then they knew that He did not say to beware of the leaven of bread , but from the doctrine of the Pharisees and Sadducees .
He sent redemption to His people ; He has commanded His covenant forever ; holy and awesome is His name .
And the Levite was willing to live with the man , and the young man was to him as one of his sons .
his offering : one silver dish , its weight a hundred and thirty , one silver basin of seventy shekels according to the sanctuary shekel , both of them full of flour mixed with oil for a food offering ;

But the land shall become a waste because of those dwelling in it , from the fruit of their doings .
Now let us make a little walled roof room , and let us set a bed for him there , and a table , and a chair , and a lampstand . And it shall be , when he comes to us , he shall turn in there .
You have counted my wandering ; O put my tears in Your bottle ; are they not in Your Book ?

and Kedesh , and Edrei , and En-hazor ,
And Caleb the son of Hezron fathered sons by his wife Azubah , and by Jerioth ; and these are her sons : Jesher , and Shobab and Ardon .


and my spirit exulted in God My Savior .
And those going in went in male and female of all flesh , as God had commanded him . And Jehovah shut behind him .

And the Egyptians were strong on the people , to hasten to send them away from the land . For they said , All of us are about to die .

And they judged the people at all times ; the hard matters they brought to Moses , and every small matter they judged themselves .
Have you not observed what these people have spoken , saying , The two families that Jehovah has chosen , He has also rejected them ? And they despise My people , no more to be a nation before them .
young men in whom was no blemish , but who were of good appearance and having understanding in all wisdom , having knowledge and understanding learning , even those with strength in them to stand in the king's palace , and to teach them the writing and the language of the Chaldeans .
And they coming into Capernaum , those receiving the didrachmas came to Peter and said , Does your teacher not pay the didrachmas ?
And Aaron shall burn incense of perfume on it morning by morning ; when he dresses the lamps he shall burn it .
Our skin is burned black like an oven , because of the fever heat of famine .
He causes the vapors to rise from the end of the earth ; He makes lightnings for the rain ; He brings the wind out of His storehouses ;
You shall be blessed in the city , and you shall be blessed in the field .
I call Heaven and earth to witness against you today that I have set before you life and death , the blessing and the curse . Therefore , choose life , that you may live , you and your seed ,
And all the people , even all Israel , knew in that day that it was not from the king to kill Abner the son of Her .
and when he sees the sword coming on the land , and he blows the ram's horn and warns the people ,

And the Asherites lived among the Canaanites , the inhabitants of the land , for they did not expel them .
The one scattering is coming up against your face . Guard the rampart ; watch the way ; make the loins strong , exceedingly firm up your power .
And I said to them , You are holy to Jehovah , and the articles also are holy . And the silver and the gold are a free gift to Jehovah , the God of your fathers .
and they gave a call in Judah and in Jerusalem to bring in to Jehovah the tribute of Moses , the servant of God , laid on Israel in the wilderness .
And you shall be satiated at My table with horses and chariots , and mighty men , all the men of war , declares the Lord Jehovah .
to whom not even for an hour we yielded in subjection , that the truth of the gospel might continue with you .
when I washed my steps with curds , and the rock poured out rivers of oil for me ;
And Hadad died ; and Samlah from Masrekah reigned in his place .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves to reason out anything as out of ourselves , but our sufficiency is of God ,
I saw at night . And , behold ! A Man riding on a red horse . And He stood among the myrtle trees in the ravine . And behind Him were red , sorrel , and white horses .
For you have said , My doctrine is pure ; and , I am clean in Your eyes .
and the ostrich , and the great owl , and the sea gull , and small hawks by their kinds ,
Behold , the siege mounds have come to the city , to capture it . And the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans who fight against it , because of the sword , and the famine , and the plague . And what You have spoken has happened . And , behold , You see it .
And Saul sent messengers to take David . And they saw the assembly of the prophets prophesying , and Samuel standing as head over them . And the Spirit of God came on Saul's messengers , and they also prophesied .
And Jehovah came and stood , and called as the other times , Samuel , Samuel ! And Samuel said , Speak , for Your servant hears You .
The sons of Pashur were a thousand , two hundred and forty seven .
He shall not fail nor be crushed until He has set justice in the earth ; and the coasts shall wait for His law .
And He healed many who had illness of various diseases . And he cast out many demons , and He did not allow the demons to speak , because they knew Him .
And you shall not bring an abomination into your house , that you not be a cursed thing like it . You shall utterly detest it , and you shall utterly hate it ; for it is a cursed thing .
And I set bowls and cups full of wine before the sons of the house of the Rechabites . And I said to them , Drink wine .
I am like a pelican of the wilderness ; I am like an owl of the desert .
to set the lowly on high ; yea , the mourners become very high in safety ;

And He said , You shall rejoice no more , oppressed one , virgin daughter of Sidon . Arise , cross over to Cyprus , even there is no rest to you .
Then I broke apart My second staff Union , that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel .
And a cloud was overshadowing them , and a voice came out of the cloud , saying , " This is My Son , " the Beloved ; hear Him .
And the upper rooms were shorter , for the galleries used up more space than the lower and middle ones in the building .

And Moses gave inheritance to the half tribe of Manasseh . And it was to the half of the tribe of the sons of Manasseh , for their families :
and the land is subdued before Jehovah , then afterwards you shall return and be guiltless before Jehovah , and before Israel . And this land shall be your possession before Jehovah .
And they circled the city on the second day one time , and returned to the camp . So they did six days .
But God revealed them to us by His Spirit , for the Spirit searches all things , even the depths of God .
The cup of blessing that we bless , is it not a partaking of the blood of Christ ? The bread which we break , is it not a partaking of the body of Christ ?
And it happened when Zimri saw that the city would be captured he came into a high place of the king and burned the house of the king with fire over him , and died ,

But a voice answered me the second time out of the heaven , What God has cleansed , you do not make common .
And it happened when he heard that I raised my voice and cried , he left his robe by me and fled , and went outside .
he makes a path to shine after him ; one would think the deep to be grayheaded .
It shall be square , being doubled , its length a span and its width a span .
And Abraham returned to his young men , and they rose up and went together to Beersheba . And Abraham lived at Beersheba .
and forgive us our debts as we also forgive our debtors .
His flesh wastes away from his sight ; and his hones laid bare , they were not seen .
For after seven more days I will cause it to rain on the earth forty days and forty nights and will wipe away every living substance that I have made from off the face of the earth .
And he touched it on my mouth , and said , See , this has touched your lips ; and your iniquity is taken away , and your sin is covered .
And the word of Samuel was revealed to all Israel . And Israel went out to meet the Philistines for battle . And they pitched beside Ebenezer , and the Philistines pitched in Aphek .
And he also made delicious things and came to his father . And he said to his father , Let my father rise and eat from the game of his son , so that your soul may bless me .
He who covers a transgression seeks love , but he who repeats a matter separates friends .
It is a guilt offering ; truly he is guilty before the face of Jehovah .
Jehovah is gracious and merciful , long to anger and of great mercy ;
And Joseph made it a law until this day on the land of Egypt , the fifth part is for Pharaoh ; only the land of the priests being excepted ; it did not become Pharaoh's .
The Son of man has come eating and drinking , and you say , Behold , a man , a glutton and a drunkard , a friend of tax collectors and sinners .
Turn to Me and be saved , all the ends of the earth ; for I am God , and there is no other .
These are unclean to you among all which swarm ; anyone who touches them in their death is unclean until the evening .

And the south side was from the end of Kirjath-jearim ; and the border went out westward , and went out to the spring of the waters of Nephtoah .
This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing , that he shall be brought to the priest .

But you have not called on Me , Jacob ; but you have been weary of Me , Israel .
And she fell at his feet and said , On me , even me , my lord , be the iniquity . And I beg you , let your handmaid speak in your ears ; and hear the words of your handmaid .
Shall I not judge for these things , says Jehovah ? And shall not My soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?
She goes in the evening , and on the morning she returns to the second house of the women , into the hand of Shaashgaz the king's eunuch who kept the concubines . She does not come in to the king any more , unless the king delights in her , and she is called by name .
And Jehovah spoke to me , saying ,

Indeed , the Son of man goes , as it has been written about Him . But woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed . It were good for him if that man was never born .
and their brothers , heads to their fathers' house , seventeen hundred and sixty , very able men for the work of the service of the house of God .

I have come in the name of My Father , and you do not receive Me . If another comes in his own name , you will receive that one .
Not that I seek a gift , but I seek the fruit multiplying to your account .
He has walked in My statutes and has kept My judgments to deal truly ; he is righteous . Surely he shall live , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And David was sitting between the two gates . And the watchman went to the roof of the gate and lifted up his eyes , and looked . And , behold , a man running by himself !
And Abraham ran into the tent to Sarah and said , Hurry , prepare three measures of fine meal , knead it and make cakes .
You have made us sweepings and garbage in the midst of the peoples .
Make two trumpets of silver for yourself . You shall make them of hammered work , and they shall be to you for the calling of the congregation , and for causing the camps to pull up stakes .
The crowd answered Him , We heard out of the Law that the Christ remains forever . And how do you say that the Son of man must be lifted up ? Who is this Son of man ?
And those numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a son of a month and upward were six thousand and two hundred .
And He also said to the crowd , When you see the cloud rising up from the west , you immediately say , A storm is coming ; and it happens so .
You have been in Eden , the garden of God ; every precious stone was your covering , the ruby , the topaz , and the diamond , the beryl , the onyx , and the jasper , the sapphire , the turquoise , and the emerald , and gold . The workmanship of your tambourines and of your flutes in you . In the day you were created , they were prepared .
And in the days of Artaxerxes , Bishlam , Mithredath , Tabeel , and the rest of their companions , wrote to Artaxerxes the king of Persia . And the letter was written in Aramaic , and translated from Aramaic :
The heavens shall expose his iniquity ; and the earth shall be raising itself up against him .
And she said to him , Both straw and fodder are plentiful with us , also a room to pass the night .
And the woman of Tekoah spoke to the king , and fell on her face to the earth , and bowed and said , Save , O king !

Truly , You are a God who hides Himself , O God of Israel , the Savior .
And he went up and lay down on the boy , and put his mouth on his mouth , and his eyes on his eyes , and his hands on his hands , and stretched himself on him . And the flesh of the boy became warm .
But you shall deal with them in this way : you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces the cult-stones ; and you shall cut down their pillars ; and you will burn their carved images with fire .
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the sons of Issachar according to their families , the cities and their villages .
You shall do no work of service and you shall bring a fire offering to Jehovah .
Then the Jews said to Him , Now we know that you have a demon . Abraham died , and the prophets , and you say , If anyone keeps My Word , he will never ever taste of death .
And it happened in the days of Ahaz : the son of Jotham , the son of Uzziah , king of Judah , Rezin the king of Syria , and Pekah the son of Remaliah , king of Israel , went up to Jerusalem to war against it , but were not able to do battle against it .

Build houses and live , and plant gardens , and eat their fruit .
And He said , Watch that you not be led astray . For many will come on My name , saying , I AM ! Also , The time has come ! Do not go after them .
that strangers not be filled with your strength , and your labors be in the house of an alien ,
After this He went down to Capernaum , He and His mother and His brothers and His disciples . And He remained there not many days .

And the glory of Jehovah went from the threshold of the house and stood over the cherubs .
So hear the word of Jehovah , all Judah who reside in the land of Egypt : Behold , I have sworn by My great name , says Jehovah , that My name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt , saying , The Lord Jehovah lives .
night and day praying exceedingly for me to see your face , and to complete the things lacking in your faith ?
So then , hear the counsel of Jehovah which He has planned against Edom , and His purposes which He has purposed against the inhabitants of Teman : Surely they shall drag them , the least of the flock . Surely He shall make their dwellings desolate over them .
And about the collection for the saints , as I charged the churches of Galatia , so also you do .


And David said to Saul , Why do you listen to the words of man , saying , Behold , David seeks to do you evil ?

And He said to her , What do you desire ? She said to Him , Say that these two sons of mine may sit one on Your right , and one on Your left in Your Kingdom .
Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of correction . Among the tribes of Israel , I have made known that which is confirmed .
And seeing Jesus , Herod greatly rejoiced , for he was wishing to see Him for a long time , because of hearing many things about Him . And he hoped to see some miracle being brought about by Him .
it having been made plain that you are Christ's letter , served by us , not having been inscribed by ink , but by the Spirit of the living God , not in tablets of stone , but in fleshly tablets of the heart .
And Joab said to Cushi , Go , tell the king that which you have seen . And Cushi bowed to Joab , and ran .
let it even be established , and Your name be great forever , saying , Jehovah of hosts , the God of Israel is God to Israel ; and the house of Your servant David shall be made to stand before You ;
We hung our lyres on the willows in its midst .
And David lived in the fortress ; on this account they called it the City of David .
If we say , We shall go into the city , then the famine is in the city , and we shall die there . If we sit here , then we shall die . Therefore now , come and we will fall into the camp of Syria . If they keep us alive , we shall live . And if they kill us , then we die .
It was planted in a good field by great waters to make branches and to bear fruit , to be a splendid vine .
Better is revealed reproof than secret love .
And , behold , seven ears of grain , being lean and blasted by the east wind , sprouting forth after them .
so that He may establish you today for a people to Himself , and He Himself be your God , as He has spoken to you , and as He has sworn to your fathers , to Abraham to Isaac , and to Jacob .
For when they came up out of Egypt , Israel went in the wilderness to the Sea of Reeds , and came in at Kadesh .

And spoke to the Reubenites , and to the Gadites , and to the half tribe of Manasseh , saying ,
But those conducting Paul brought him as far as Athens . And receiving a command to Silas and Timothy that they come to him quickly , they departed .
They shall lick the dust like a snake ; they shall tremble out of their holes like crawlers of the earth ; they shall dread Jehovah our God ; they shall fear from You .
For You are great and do wonderful things ; You alone are God .

And Jehovah came down on the mountain of Sinai , to the top of the mountain ; and Jehovah called Moses to the top of the mountain , and Moses went up .
But he did not put to death the sons of those who struck him , as it is written in the book of the law of Moses that Jehovah commanded , saying , The fathers are not to be put to death for the sons , and the sons are not to be put to death for the fathers , but each shall be put to death for his own sin .


making known to us the mystery of His will , according to His good pleasure which He purposed in Himself ,
My people are cut off for lack of knowledge . Because you rejected the knowledge , I also rejected you from being priest to Me . Since you have forgotten the law of your God , I will forget your sons , even I .
And they buried him in the border of his inheritance , in Timnath-serah , which is in the hills of Ephraim , on the north of the Hill of Gaash .
And Cain said to Jehovah , My punishment is greater than I can bear .
There is none like You , O Jehovah ; You are great , and Your name is great in might .
And at dawn , He again arrived into the temple ; and all the people came to Him . And sitting down , He taught them .
And what agreement does a temple of God have with idols ? For you are a temple of the living God , even as God said , " I will " dwell in them and " walk among them , and I will be their God , and they shall be My people . "
to which He called you through our gospel , to obtain the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ .
Does the plowman plow all day to sow ? Does he open and break the clods of his ground ?
and Hashubah , and Ohel , and Berechiah , and Hasadiah , Jushabhesed , five .
And they will kill Him , and on the third day He will be raised . And they grieved exceedingly .
And he speaking with me had a golden reed , that he may measure the city , and its gates , and its wall .
because an only daughter was born to him , about twelve years old ; and she was dying . And in His going , the crowd pressed on Him .
Fury is fierce , and anger overflows , but who can stand before jealousy ?
And he went on his journeys from the south , even to Bethel , to the place where his tent had been there at the beginning , between Bethel and Ai ,
And Reuben replied to them , saying , Did I not speak to you , saying , Do not sin against the youth , and you did not listen ? And , behold , his blood is also required .
Behold , they say to me , Where is the word of Jehovah ? Let it come now .
The one board was connected by two pins , one to another ; so he did to all the boards of the tabernacle .
And it happened afterward , the heart of David struck him , because he had cut off Saul's skirt .
Therefore , we have sent Judas and Silas , they by word also announcing the same things .
And he set up the altar of gold in the tabernacle of the congregation , before the veil .
My people , listen , and I will testify against you , whether you will listen to Me :

And I heard the number of those having been sealed : one hundred forty four thousands , having been sealed out of every tribe of the sons of Israel :
And it turns toward the rising of the sun to Beth-dagon , and it reaches to Zebulun , and to the valley of Jiphthahel toward the north side of Beth-emek , and Neiel , and goes out to Cabul on the left hand ,
And it happened that a day came when the sons of God came to present themselves before Jehovah . And Satan also came among them to present himself before Jehovah .

And his companion answered and said , This is nothing but the sword of Gideon the son of Joash , a man of Israel . God has given Midian and all the army into his hand .
And the sons of Israel did according to all that Jehovah had commanded Moses , so they encamped by their standards , and so they pulled out , each one according to his family , and according to the house of his father .
O Israel , trust in Jehovah ; He is their help and their shield .
Take heed to listen to all these words which I am commanding you , in order that it may be well with you and with your sons after you forever , when you do that which is good and right in the eyes of Jehovah your God .
And I , behold , I have taken the Levites from the midst of the sons of Israel in the place of every first-born opening a womb among the sons of Israel ; and the Levites have become Mine .
Perhaps there will be lacking five from the fifty righteous , will You destroy all the city for the five ? And He said , If I find forty five there , I will not destroy .
Ask a sign from Jehovah your God ; make deep the request , or make it high above .
The priests did not say , Where is Jehovah ? And they who handle the law did not know Me . And the shepherds rebelled against Me ; and the prophets prophesied by Baal , and went after things not profitable .
But if they will not obey , then I will tear and destroy that nation , says Jehovah .
But the things the nations sacrifice , " they sacrifice to demons , and not to God . " But I do not want you to become sharers of demons ;
And at the end of these things , the leaders came near to me , saying , The people of Israel , and the priests , and the Levites , have not separated themselves from the people of the lands , as to their idolatries , even the Canaanites , the Hittites , the Perizzites , the Jebusites , the Ammonites , the Moabites , the Egyptians , and the Amorites .

I do not receive glory from men ;
the son of Ethan , the son of Zimmah , the son of Shimei ,

And He went with them and came to Nazareth and was being subject to them . And His mother carefully kept all these words in her heart .
And from the sons of Immer were Hanani and Zebadiah .
And after these things I saw ; and behold , the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in Heaven was opened !
These were the sons of Dishan : Uz , and Aran .
And he took Elijah's mantle that had fallen from him , and struck the waters , and said , Where is Jehovah the God of Elijah , even He ? And he struck the waters ; and they were split in two here and there , and Elisha crossed over .
And Elisha said to him , Go , say to him , You shall surely revive . But Jehovah has shown me that he will surely die .
And the king answered and said , Give to her the living child , and do not put it to death at all ; she is its mother .
But He said to them , Not all receive this word , but those to whom it is given .
In the twenty seventh year of Asa the king of Judah , Zimri reigned seven days in Tirzah . And the people were camped against Gibbethon , which was the Philistines' .
And coming into the house , He did not allow anyone to enter , except Peter and James and John , and the father and mother of the child .
And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod , and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines .
And seeing one fig tree by the road , He went up to it , and found nothing on it except leaves only . And He said to it , Let there be no more fruit from you forever . And the fig tree immediately dried up .

And He having gone out into the highway , running up and kneeling down to Him , one questioned Him , Good Teacher , what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life ?
For nation will be raised against nation , and kingdom against kingdom . And there shall be earthquakes in many places . And there shall be famines and troubles . These things are the beginnings of anguishes .
By Your precepts I know ; so then I hate every false way .
And Saul's son Jonathan delighted exceedingly in David . And Jonathan told David , saying , My father Saul is seeking to kill you . And , now , please be on guard in the morning , and you shall stay in the secret place , and shall hide .
Speak to the sons of Israel and you shall say to them that they shall make themselves fringes on the corners of their garments , for their generations . And they shall put with the fringe of each corner thread of blue .
from Shihor which fronts on Egypt , and to the border of Ekron northward ( it is counted to the Canaanites ) five lords of the Philistines , of Gaza , of Ashdod , of Ashkelon , of Gath , and of Ekron ; also the Avim .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
to proclaim the acceptable year of Jehovah , and the day of vengeance of our God ; to comfort all who mourn ;
And the priest shall come again the seventh day , and shall look ; and , behold , if the plague has spread in the walls of the house ;
But what things they do not know , they speak evil of these . And what things they understand naturally , like the animals without reason , they are corrupted by these .

and godliness with brotherly love ; and brotherly love with love .
and the two shall be one flesh ; " so that they no longer are two , but one flesh .
And the sons of Israel heard , and all the company of the sons of Israel assembled at Shiloh to go up against them to war .
With my soul I desire You in the night ; yea , with my spirit within me I diligently seek You . For when Your judgments are in the earth , the inhabitants of the world learn righteousness .
But when the people of the land come before Jehovah at the appointed feasts , he who enters by way of the north gate to worship shall leave by way of the south gate . And he who enters by way of the south gate shall leave by way of the north gate . He shall not return by way of the gate by which he came in , but shall leave opposite it .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses and Aaron , saying ,
And the priest shall put of the blood on the horns of the altar of sweet incense , at the opening of the tabernacle of the congregation , before the face of Jehovah .
then you watch , for you do not know when the lord of the house is coming , at evening , or at midnight , or at cockcrowing , or early ;
The persuasion is not from Him calling you .

And he made the veil of violet , and purple , and crimson , and fine linen , and caused to go on it cherubs .
And Doeg the Edomite , even he was set over Saul's servants , answered and said , I saw the son of Jesse coming to Nob , to Ahimelech the son of Ahitub .
And I say this that no one may beguile you with persuasive words .
And he made a house of high places , and made priests of the lowest of people , who were not of the sons of Levi .
For through Him we both have access by one Spirit to the Father .
For he was yet in his father's loins when Melchizedek met him .
Of the sons of Issachar , their generations , by their families , by their fathers' house , in the number of names , from a son of twenty years and upward , everyone able to go out to war :
The wicked borrows and never repays , but the righteous is gracious and giving .
My Beloved is likened to a gazelle , or to a young deer , the stag . Behold , He stands behind our wall , looking from the windows , peering from the lattice .
And the boy did not know anything . Only Jonathan and David knew the matter .
And why did you not give my silver on the bank table ? And coming , I might have exacted it with interest .
I looked on the mountains , and , behold ! They quaked , and all the hills were shaken .
And everyone who hears these words of Mine , and who does not do them , he shall be compared to a foolish man who built his house on the sand ;
And Jehovah shall bring you into Egypt again with ships , by the way of which I said to you , You shall never see it again . And you shall be sold to your enemies there , for male slaves and slave-girls ; and there shall be no buyer .
And what he did was evil in the eyes of Jehovah , and He also killed him .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And the people of the land shall worship at the door of that gate on the sabbaths , and on the new moons , before Jehovah .
I am afflicted and dying from childhood ; I suffer Your terrors ; I am distracted .
We will not return to our houses until each man of the sons of Israel has inherited his inheritance .

And it happened on the next day , the Philistines came to strip those pierced . And they found Saul and his sons fallen in Mount Gilboa .
And Abraham expired and died in a good old age , aged and satisfied , and was gathered to his people .
An enemy will not exact against him ; nor the son of iniquity afflict him .
for all tables are full of vomit and filth , without a clean place .

And Miriam and Aaron spoke against Moses , because of the Cushite woman whom he had taken . For he had taken a Cushite woman .
Jerusalem ! Jerusalem ! The one killing the prophets , and stoning those having been sent to her , how often I desired to gather your children in the way a hen gathers her brood under the wings , and you did not desire it .
And His disciples answered Him , From where will anyone here be able to satisfy these with loaves in the wilderness ?
So the Lord Jehovah says this , Behold , I am against you , O Tyre . And I will cause many nations to go up against you , as the sea causes its waves to go up .
And He began to say to them , Today this Scripture has been fulfilled in your ears .
And coming to Troas for the gospel of Christ , and a door having been opened to me in the Lord ,

And I will make you a fortified wall of bronze to this people . And they shall fight against you , but they shall not overcome you ; for I am with you to save you and to deliver you , says Jehovah .
And by the borders of the sons of Manasseh : Beth-shean and its towns ; Taanach and its towns ; Megiddo and its towns ; Dor and its towns . In these lived the sons of Joseph , the son of Israel .
And the third officer had answered the man of God , and said , And behold , if Jehovah should make windows in the heavens , it shall be according to this word . And he said , Behold , you shall see with your eyes , but you shall not eat from there .
A fool's lips enter into strife , and his mouth calls for strokes .
He sends His command out on the earth ; His word runs very swiftly ;
And Jehovah has expelled from before you great and mighty nations . As for you no one has stood before you until today .
for some thought , since Judas held the moneybag , that Jesus was saying to him , Buy what things we have need of for the feast ; or that he should give something to the poor .
And the son of Appaim was Ishi . And the son of Ishi was Sheshan . And the son of Sheshan : Ahlai .
So says the Lord Jehovah : Because the Philistines have acted in vengeance and have taken vengeance with spite in their soul , to destroy with perpetual enmity .
And if it seems evil in your eyes to serve Jehovah , choose for yourselves today whom you will serve , whether the gods whom your fathers served Beyond the River , or the gods of the Amorites in whose land you are living . But as for me and my house , we will serve Jehovah .

I will go up for myself to the great men and will speak to them . For they have known the way of Jehovah , the judgment of their God . Surely these have joined in breaking the yoke ; they have torn off the bonds .

Your sons and your daughters shall be given to another people ; and your eyes shall look and fail for them all the day . And no power shall be in your hand .

On that day , Sadducees , who say there is no resurrection , came to Him . And they questioned Him ,
There shall not still be an infant of days , or an old man that has not filled his days . For the youth shall die the son of a hundred years , but the sinner the son of a hundred years shall be accursed .
Let not my soul come into their counsel ; let not my spirit be joined to their company . For in their anger they killed a man ; and in selfwill they hamstrung a bull .
And the rulers of Succoth said , Is the palm of Zebah and Zalmunna now in your hand , that we should give bread to your army ?
And Salah lived thirty years and fathered Eber .
And Gideon the son of Joash returned from the battle , at the ascent of Mount Heres .
He gave their cattle up to the hail , and their flocks to bolts of fire .
For such ones are false apostles , deceitful workers transforming themselves into apostles of Christ .
But You , O Jehovah , are a shield around me ; my glory and He who lifts up my head .
And I take the Levites instead of every first-born among the sons of Israel .
Or when the living flesh turns back and shall be turned to white , then he shall come in to the priest ;
But if they had stood in My counsel and had caused My people to hear My words , then they would have turned them from their evil way , and from the evil of their doings .
And the king commanded , and they made one chest , and put it at the gate of the house of Jehovah outside ;
And they came to Him carrying a paralytic , being borne by four .
a flame is despised in the thoughts of him who feels secure ; it is ready for those with slipping feet .
But when they came up out of the water , the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip . And the eunuch did not see him any more ; for he went his way rejoicing .
And when any of the animals which are food for you dies , he who touches its dead body is unclean until the evening ;
Now I am as a lion to them ; I will watch by the way like a leopard .
Joseph of Arimathea came , an honorable councillor , who himself was also waiting for the kingdom of God . And taking courage , he went in to Pilate and begged the body of Jesus .
You led Your people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron .
Then the high priest questioned Jesus about His disciples and about His doctrine .
And many more believed through His word .
For as the body is dead apart from the spirit , so also faith is dead apart from works .
He does not backbite with his tongue , nor do evil to his friend , nor lift up a reproach against his neighbor .
which , when it was filled , drawing it up on the shore , and sitting down , they gathered the good into containers , and they threw out the rotten .
But no one says , Where is God my Maker , who gives songs in the night ,
And on the third day you shall quickly come down , and shall come there to the place where you were hidden in the day of the deed . And you shall remain near the stone Ezel .
But in the going it happened ! He drew near to Damascus , and suddenly a light from the heaven shone around him .
And the sons of Benjamin did so , and took women according to their number from the dancers whom they had seized . And they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
and to another , workings of powers , and to another , prophecy , and to another , discerning of spirits , and to another , kinds of languages , and to another , interpretation of languages .
But their plot was known to Saul . And they carefully watched the gates both by day and by night so that to do away with him .
And they put him under guard , that it might be declared to them at the mouth of Jehovah .
For he found her in the field , and the betrothed girl cried out , but no one saved her .
And the people said to Samuel , Who is he saying , Shall Saul reign over us ? Give the men and we will put them to death .

And you shall prepare a burnt offering for a soothing fragrance to Jehovah : one bullock , a son of the herd , one ram , seven lambs , sons of a year , perfect ones ;
And you shall say , I will go up to the land of open spaces . I will go to those at ease , who live securely , all of them living with no walls , and there are no bars and gates to them ,
And he went and took and came to his mother . And his mother made delicious things , such as his father loved .
And he went in and shut the door on both of them , and prayed to Jehovah .
and Ophir , and Havilah , and Jobab . All these were the sons of Joktan .
And He said to them in His teaching , Be careful of the scribes , those desiring to walk about in robes , and greetings in the markets ,
From there they pulled up and camped in the valley of Zered .
He who walks with the wise shall be wise , but one associating with fools shall be broken .
And Boaz went up to the gate and sat there . And , behold , the near kinsman of whom Boaz had spoken was passing by . And he said , Such a one , turn aside , sit down . And he turned aside and sat down .
And he went out on the second day , and , behold , two men , Hebrews , were fighting . And he said to the guilty one , Why should you strike your neighbor ?
Pass through the camp and command the people , saying , Prepare food for you . For within three days you are crossing this Jordan to go in to possess the land which Jehovah your God is giving to you , to possess it .
Esau took his wives from the daughters of Canaan : Adah , the daughter of Elon the Hittite ; and Aholibamah , the daughter of Anah , the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite ;
And Abraham said to his slave , oldest in his house , the one who governed in all that was to him , Please put your hand under my thigh .

For they prophesy falsely to you in My name . I have not sent them , says Jehovah .
And Joseph's ten brothers went down to buy grain from Egypt .
But with whom was He angry forty years ? Was it not with the ones sinning , whose corpses fell in the wilderness ?
And to the king of Judah who sent you to inquire of Jehovah , you shall say this to him , So says Jehovah , the God of Israel , the words that you have heard ,
Return it to its sheath . In the place where you were created , in the land of your origin , I will judge you .
And Moses shall give the silver of those redeemed to Aaron and to his sons , according to Jehovah's command , as Jehovah has commanded Moses .
but having come to Rome , he more diligently sought and found me .
Of the sons of Joseph , of the sons of Ephraim , their generations , by their families , by their fathers' house , in the number of names , from a son of twenty years and upward , everyone able to go out to war :
For as the woman is out of the man , so also the man through the woman ; but all things from God .
And the field is the world ; and the good seed , these are the sons of the kingdom ; but the darnel are the sons of the evil one .
And dominion was given to Him , and glory , and a kingdom , that all peoples , nations , and languages should serve Him . His dominion is an everlasting dominion which shall not pass away , and His kingdom that which shall not be destroyed .
And one told David , saying , Ahithophel is among the conspirators with Absalom . And David said , O Jehovah , I pray You , make the counsel of Ahithophel foolish .
And he said to them , Stay here tonight , and I will bring back word to you , even as Jehovah may speak to me . And the leaders of Moab stayed with Balaam .

Better is a little with the fear of Jehovah than great treasure and tumult with it .
And Jehovah said to me , Do not fear him , for I have given him into your hand , and all his people , and his land . And you shall do to him as you have done to Sihon the king of the Amorites who lived in Heshbon .
And out of all the inhabitants of Jabesh-gilead they found four hundred young women , virgins , who had not known a man by lying with a male . And they brought them into the camp at Shiloh , which is in the land of Canaan .
I have rested on You from the belly ; You are He who took me out of my mother's womb ; my praise shall be always of You .
And recognizing Him , the men of that place sent to all that neighborhood , and brought to Him all those who had illness .
The one not being with Me is against Me . And the one not gathering with me scatters .
behold , I am placing the fleece of wool on the grain floor ; if the dew is on the fleece only , and dryness on all the ground , then I will know that You will deliver Israel by my hand , as You have spoken .

As snow in summer , and as rain in harvest , so honor is not right for a fool .
May the Lord give mercy to the house of Onesiphorus , because he often refreshed me , and he was not ashamed of my chain ,
And his soul clung to Dinah , the daughter of Jacob . And he loved the girl , and spoke to the heart of the girl .
The day is Yours , the night is also Yours . You have established the light and the sun .
And the infant shall play on the hole of the asp ; yea , the weaned child shall put his hand on the viper's den .
For there are no pangs to their death ; but their body is fat .
only in this way will the men consent to us to live with us , to become one people : that every male of us be circumcised as they are circumcised .
and not altogether with the fornicators of this world , or with the covetous , or with plunderers , or with idolaters , since then you must go out of the world .
And they said to him , A man came up to meet us , and said to us , Go , return to the king who sent you . And you shall say to him , So says Jehovah , Is it because there is not a God in Israel that you are sending to ask of Baal-zebub the god of Ekron ? Therefore , you shall not come down from the bed on which you have gone up , for you shall certainly die .
And He said to them , Did you never read what David did when he had need and hungered , he and those with him ,
To the chief musician . A Psalm of David . In You , O Jehovah , I sought refuge ; let me never be ashamed ; deliver me in Your righteousness .
Come , see a Man who told me all things , whatever I did . Is this One not the Christ ?

Remember Your congregation ; You purchased them in days before ; You redeemed us as the rod of Your inheritance , this Mount Zion in which You have dwelt .
And at the end of ten days their faces looked better and fatter of flesh than all the boys who were eating the king's food .
His ways I have seen , but I will heal him , and will lead him and restore comforting to him and to his mourners .
Of the sons of Merari , Asaiah the chief , and his brothers , two hundred and twenty .
being filled with the fruits of righteousness through Jesus Christ , to the glory and praise of God .
Then put to death your members which are on the earth : fornication ; uncleanness ; passion ; evil lust ; and covetousness , which is idolatry ;
Madmenah wanders ; Gebim's inhabitants take refuge .
Who has appointed Him His way ; or who can say , You have done wrong ?

And hearing these things , they kept silent and glorified God , saying , Then God also has granted to the nations repentance unto life .
And Moses wrote this law , and delivered it to the priests , the sons of Levi , those hearing the ark of the covenant of Jehovah , and to all the elders of Israel .
But I said , How gladly would I put you among the sons , and give you a pleasant land , a beautiful inheritance among the multitudes of nations ! And I said , You shall call Me , My Father ; and you shall not turn away from Me .
He who blesses himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth . And he who swears in the earth shall swear by the God of truth ; because the former distresses are forgotten ; and because they are hidden from My eyes .
And having crucified Him , they divided His garments , casting a lot , that might be fulfilled that spoken by the prophet , " They divided My garments to themselves , and they cast a lot over My clothing . "
And the man who acts with pride so as not to listen to the priest who is standing to serve Jehovah your God there , or to the judge , even that man shall die ; and you shall put away evil from Israel .
It is not so with My servant Moses ! He is faithful in all My house .
Then rose up and made the chief priests , the Levites , and all Israel to swear that they would do according to this word . And they swore .

And they came back and told him . And he said , It is the word of Jehovah that He spoke by the hand of his servant Elijah the Tishbite , saying , In the portion of Jezreel , the dogs shall eat the flesh of Jezebel .
He made fifty loops on one curtain ; and he made fifty loops on the end of the curtain which was at the second juncture ; the loops corresponded , one with another .
But they said this , tempting Him , that they may have reason to accuse Him . But bending down , Jesus wrote with the finger in the earth , not appearing to hear .
And they put him in a cage in chains and brought him to the king of Babylon . They brought him into hunting nets so that his voice should not any longer be heard on the mountains of Israel .
Yet the number of the sons of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea , which is not measured nor numbered . And it shall be , in the place where it is said to them , You are not My people , it shall be said to them , Sons of the Living God .


So I said , Surely they are poor ; they are foolish , for they do not know the way of Jehovah , the ordinance of their God .
And Jehovah shall strike Egypt . He shall strike and heal . Then they shall return to Jehovah , and He shall hear them , and shall heal them .
And the Angel of Jehovah said to him , Why have you struck your ass these three times ? Behold , I have come out as an enemy because your way is contrary to Me .
These are those being sown into the thorns , those hearing the Word ,
And Joseph said to his brothers , and to the house of his father , I will go up and tell Pharaoh . And I will say to him My brothers and the house of my father , who were in the land of Canaan , have come in to me .
And she having weaned No Mercy , she conceived and bore a son .
And Jehovah passed by before his face and called out : Jehovah ! Jehovah God ! Merciful and gracious , slow to anger , and great in goodness and truth ,
All who are around him mourn for him . And all who know his name , say , How the strong staff is broken , the beautiful rod !
Oh let the evil of the wicked come to an end ; and You will establish the just ; for the righteous God is a trier of hearts and reins .
Praise Jehovah ! Give thanks to Jehovah , for He is good ; for His mercy endures forever .

saying , " Surely blessing I will bless you , and multiplying I will multiply you . "
the king of Madon , one ; the king of Hazor , one ;
Yet you shall see the land across from you , but you shall not go in there to the land which I am giving to the sons of Israel .
Let the sea roar , and the fullness of it ; the world , and those who live in it .
Of old I have known from Your testimonies , for You have founded them forever .

Only , the priests had become few , and were not able to skin all of the burnt offerings ; and their brothers the Levites strengthened them until the work was ended , and until the priests sanctified themselves ; for the Levites were more upright of heart to sanctify themselves than the priests .
The ox knows his owner , and the ass his master's manger , but Israel does not know ; My people have not understood .
Let the groaning of the prisoner come before You ; according to the greatness of Your arm , preserve the sons of death .
But I said to their sons in the wilderness , Do not walk in the statutes of your fathers and do not keep their judgments , and do not defile yourselves with their idols .
And the Philistines were subdued and did not yet again come into the border of Israel . And the hand of Jehovah was on the Philistines all the days of Samuel .
And he led me southward . And behold , a gate southward ! And he measured its pillars and its porches according to these measures .
And they will mock Him and will flog Him and will spit at Him , and will kill Him . And on the third day He will rise again .
But if you reveal this business of ours , then we shall be guiltless from your oath which you make us swear .
And the light of a lamp will never more shine in you . And the voice of the bridegroom and bride will never more be heard in you . For your merchants were the great ones of the earth , for by your sorcery all the nations were misled .
For John came to you in the way of righteousness , and you did not believe him . But the tax-collectors and the harlots believed him . And seeing , you did not repent afterwards to believe him .
Yet you say , The way of the Lord is not fair . I shall judge you , each man by his ways , O house of Israel .

And all the trees said to the bramble bush , You come , reign over us .
And those eating were about four thousand . And He sent them away .
not by works in righteousness which we had done , but according to His mercy , He saved us through the washing of regeneration and renewal of the Holy Spirit ,
Who is wise and knowing among you ? Let him show his works by his good behavior , in meekness of wisdom .
Then taking Jesus into the praetorium , the soldiers of the governor gathered all the cohort against Him .
Hear the word of Jehovah , rulers of Sodom . Listen to the law of our God , people of Gomorrah .
And the priest shall go out to the outside of the camp . And the priest shall look ; and , behold , if the plague of leprosy is healed in the leper ,
And he will take your male slaves and your slave-girls , and the best of your young men , and your asses , and will use them for his own work .

And they open their mouth wide against me ; they say , Aha ! Aha ! Our eyes have seen .
And Othniel , the son of Kenaz , the brother of Caleb , captured it . And He gave his daughter Achsah to him for a wife .
And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls , Joseph being in Egypt .
And a woman who has an unbelieving husband , and he consents to live with her , let her not leave him .
And those who are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament , and those turning many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever .
the land which Jehovah has struck before the congregation of Israel is a land for livestock , and your servants own livestock .
so that your glorying may abound in Christ Jesus in me through my presence with you again .
The sin of Judah is engraved with an iron pen . It is carved on the tablet of their heart with the point of a diamond , and on the horns of your altars ,
let them not depart from your eyes ; keep them in the center of your heart ;
And as it is with the people , so with the priest ; as with the servant , so with the master ; as with the maid , so with her mistress ; as with the buyer , so with the seller ; as with the lender , so with the borrower ; as with the creditor , so with the debtor .

And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am Jehovah , because they have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel .
And vain men gathered to him , sons of worthlessness , and they made themselves strong against Rehoboam the son of Solomon ; and Rehoboam was a youth and tender of heart , and could not be strong against them .
And the man called names to all the cattle , and to the birds of the heavens , and to every animal of the field . But no helper suited to him was found for a man .
So let us go forth to Him outside the camp bearing His reproach .
And all bore witness to Him , and marveled at the gracious words coming out of His mouth . And they said , Is this not the son of Joseph ?
And seeing her , Jesus called her near and said to her , Woman , you have been freed from your infirmity .

Who will grant that You would hide me in Sheol ; You would conceal me until Your anger turns back ; that You would set a limit for me and remember me ?
then you shall prepare a fire offering to Jehovah , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , in fulfillment of a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your appointed seasons , to make a soothing fragrance to Jehovah , out of the herd , or out of the flock .
These are they whom Moses caused to inherit in the plains of Moab , beyond the Jordan , opposite Jericho , eastward .
And you shall speak to the sons of Israel , saying , This shall be a holy anointing oil for Me for your generations .
The pillars of the heavens tremble and are stunned at His rebuke .
Then be subject to God . Resist the Devil , and he will flee from you .
Do you know this from of old , from the setting of man on earth ,
From this time , Pilate sought to release Him . But the Jews cried out , saying , If you release this one , you are not a friend of Caesar . Everyone making himself a king speaks against Caesar .

Set up road marks for yourself ; make sign posts for yourself . Set your heart toward the highway , even the way you went . Turn again , O virgin of Israel ; turn again to these cities of yours .
And another fell into the thorns , and the thorns grew up and choked it ; and it did not yield fruit .
And Israel said , Why did you do evil to me to tell the man you still had brother ?
A man to whom there is no control to his spirit is like a broken down city without a wall .
I broke the fangs of the perverse , and cast the prey out of his teeth .
And My eye shall not spare , and I will not have pity ; I will put on you according to your ways and your abominations that are in your midst . And you shall know that I am Jehovah who strikes .
the sons of Reaiah , the sons of Rezin , the sons of Nekoda ,
And he had in his hand a little scroll having been opened . And he placed his right foot on the sea , and the left on the land ,
And Jehoiada put the offices of the house of Jehovah into the hand of the Levitical priests , whom David had allotted over the house of Jehovah , to offer the burnt offerings of Jehovah , as it is written in the law of Moses ; with joy , and with singing , by the hands of David .

And the gospel must first be proclaimed to all the nations .
There is gold and a multitude of gems , but the lips of knowledge are a rare vessel .
And the sword shall grieve in his cities , and shall destroy his bars , and shall consume , because of their own counsels .
and Eltolad , and Chesil , and Hormah ,
and I also will judge that nation whom they shall serve ; and afterward they shall come out with great substance .
And you shall say to the sons of Israel , Any man of the sons of Israel , and of the aliens who are living in Israel , who gives of his seed to Molech shall certainly be put to death ; the people of the land shall stone him with stones !
And He spoke a parable to them , saying , A certain rich man produced well from the land .
Have you not thrown out the priests of Jehovah , the sons of Aaron , and the Levites , and have made priests to yourselves like the peoples of the lands ? Whoever comes to consecrate himself with a bullock , a son of the herd , and seven rams , even he becomes a priest to no gods .

And he said to them , This and this Micah has done to me . And he hired me , and I am a priest to him .
An arrogant lip is not fitting for a fool , much less are lying lips for a noble .
I also will answer my share ; I also will declare my knowledge .

You have loved righteousness and hated lawlessness ; because of this God , Your God , has anointed You with the oil of gladness beside Your fellows . "
Have we not authority to eat and to drink ?
And at that time I commanded you all the things which you were to do .
The wolf and the lamb shall feed as one ; and the lion shall eat straw like the ox . And dust is the food of the snake . They shall not do evil nor destroy in all My holy mountain , says Jehovah .
And it was about the sixth hour , and darkness came over all the land until the ninth hour .
But learn the parable of the fig tree : When its branch becomes tender and it puts out leaves , you know that the summer is near ;
Attend to the voice of my cry , my King and my God ; for I will pray to You .
And the angel who was speaking with me answered and said to me , Do you not know what these are ? And I said , No , my lord .
And His mother , and His mother's sister Mary , the wife of Clopas , and Mary Magdalene stood by the cross of Jesus .
that all of you have conspired against me , and no one was revealing in my ear when my son cut a covenant with the son of Jesse ? And not one of you is sorry for me , even to reveal in my ear that my son has stirred up my servant against me , to lie in wait , as at this day .
if the wicked returns the pledge , he repays the thing stolen , he walks in the statutes of life , not doing iniquity , he shall surely live ; he shall not die .


And they shall know that I am Jehovah ; not in vain have I said to do this evil to them .

For I did not keep back from declaring to you all the counsel of God .
And the Redeemer comes to Zion , and to those in Jacob who turn from transgression , declares Jehovah .
that will not receive a hundredfold now in this time , houses and brothers and sisters and mothers and children , and lands , with persecutions ; and in the coming age , eternal life .
What do you think ? If there be to any man a hundred sheep , and one of them strays away , will he not leave the ninety nine on the mountains , and going , seek the straying one ?
On that night the king's sleep fled , and he said to bring in the Book of the Records of the Matter of the Days . And they were being read before the king .
And it very much burned Saul , and this thing was evil in his eyes . And he said , They have given myriads to David , and to me they have given thousands . And is there more to him , except the kingdom ?
And on that day he called him Jerubbaal , saying , Let Baal contend against him , because he has smashed his altar .
And Samuel took the flask of oil and poured on his head , and kissed him , and said , Is it not because Jehovah has anointed you for a leader over His inheritance ?
Remember me , Jehovah , with the favor of Your people ; O visit me with Your salvation ,
And , behold , Amariah the chief priest shall be over you for every matter of Jehovah , and Zebadiah the son of Ishmael , the ruler of the house of Judah , shall be for every matter of the king ; and the Levites shall be officers before you . Be strong and act ; and Jehovah shall be with the good .
And it happened when the king heard the words of the woman , he tore his garments . And he was passing by on the wall , and the people looked . And , behold , the sackcloth was inside on his flesh .

He shall kill your daughters in the field with the sword . And he shall give siege walls against you and pour out a mound against you , and raise a buckler against you .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , to all the exiles whom I have caused to be exiled from Jerusalem to Babylon :

Behold , I shall bring evil on you , and shall take away your posterity , and cut off to Ahab him who urinates against a wall , both bond and free in Israel .
And the seven thin and evil-appearing cows going up after them , they are seven years ; and the seven empty ears blasted by the east wind will be seven years of famine .
An I said to the king , If it is good to the king , let letters be given me to the governors Beyond the River , so that they may let me go through until I come to Judah ;
And he placed his carcass in his own grave , and they mourned for him , O my brother !
Likewise , also the good works are plain beforehand , and those otherwise cannot be hidden .
In the thirty seventh year of Joash the king of Judah , Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz reigned over Israel , in Samaria , sixteen years .
And the woman of Tekoah said to the king , My lord , O king , let the iniquity be on me , and on my father's house ; and the king and his throne shall be guiltless .
So also faith , if it does not have works , is dead being by itself .
He who breathes faithfulness reveals righteousness , but a false witness deceit .
You shall not do so to Jehovah your God ; for everything hateful to Jehovah , which He detests , they have done to their gods . For they have even burned their sons and their daughters in the fire to their gods .
So Jehovah says this concerning the prophets who prophesy in My name , and I did not send them ; yet they say , Sword and famine shall not be in this land : By sword and famine those prophets shall be consumed .

And he walked in the way of his father Asa , and did not turn aside from it , to do the right in the eyes of Jehovah .

And the king of Sodom went out to meet him , after he returned from smiting Chedorlaomer and the kings which were with him , to the valley of Shaveh , it being the valley of the king
Zion shall be redeemed with justice , and her returning ones with righteousness .
He shall call to the heavens from above , and to the earth , to judge His people .
You shall not have in your house an ephah and an ephah , a great and a small .
And it was told to Saul that David had come to Keilah . And Saul said , God has estranged him into my hand . For he is shut in , to enter into a city of gates and a bar .


And it happened in the morning watch : Jehovah looked on the camp of the Egyptians in the pillar of fire and cloud . And He confused the camp of the Egyptians .


This is the law of him in whom is a plague of leprosy whose hand could not reach to his cleansing .
And the sons of Israel heard it said , Behold , the sons of Reuben , and the sons of Gad , and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar across from the land of Canaan , in the regions of the Jordan , at the border of the sons of Israel .
And they waited for me like the rain ; and they opened their mouth wide as for the latter rain .
Trust in Jehovah with all your heart , and lean not to your own understanding ;
For My eyes are on all their ways ; they are not hidden from My face ; their iniquity is not hidden from My eyes .
They shall roar together like lions , they shall growl like lions' cubs .
And afterward the Levites went in to do their service in the tabernacle of the congregation , before Aaron and before his sons ; as Jehovah commanded Moses concerning the Levites , so they did to them .
So , behold , the days come , says Jehovah , that it shall no more be said , As Jehovah lives who brought up the sons of Israel out of the land of Egypt .
In the seventeenth year of Pekah the son of Remaliah , Ahaz the son of Jotham the king of Judah began to reign .
And the rulers said to the king , Please let this man be put to death . For in this way he weakens the hands of the men of war who remain in this city , and the hands of all the people , in speaking these words to them . For this man does not seek the peace of this people , but the evil .
And the officers shall speak to the people , saying , who is the man that has built a new house , and has not dedicated it ? Let him go and return to his house , that he not die in battle and another man dedicate it .
But , brothers , we being taken away from you for an hour's time , in presence , not in heart , we were much more eager with much desire to see your face .
Only , be sure not to eat the blood , for the blood is the life , and you shall not eat the life with the meat ;
But when the master of the feast tasted the water that had become wine , and did not know from where it was ( but the servants drawing the water knew ) , the master of the feast called the bridegroom ,
Jehovah shall strike you with lung disease and with a fever , and with an inflammation , and with extreme burning , and with the sword , and with blasting and mildew . And they shall pursue you until you perish .
And Abimelech had not come near her . And he said , O Lord , will You slay even a righteous nation ?
John answered all , saying , I indeed baptize you with water ; but He stronger than I comes , of whom I am not fit to loosen the thong of His sandals . He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and fire ,
And it happened , your servant was working here and there , and he was not there . And the king of Israel said to him , Your judgment is right . You have decided it .
Take heed to yourselves , that your heart not be deceived , and you turn aside and serve other gods , and bow down to them ;
I walked as a friend , as to my brother ; as one who mourns a mother ; I was bowed down mourning .
When He killed them , then they sought Him ; and they turned and searched for God .
And their bodies will be on the street of the great city , which spiritually is called Sodom , and Egypt , where our Lord was crucified .
you cannot drink the cup of the Lord and a cup of demons ; you cannot partake of the table of the Lord , and a table of demons .
You have also sold the sons of Judah and the sons of Jerusalem to the sons of the Greeks , that you might remove them far from their border .
The love apples give a scent , and over our doors are all excellent fruits ; new , also old , I have laid up for You , my Beloved .
And being short of wine , the mother of Jesus said to Him , They have no wine .
Now , behold , you have trusted for yourself on the staff of this broken reed , on Egypt , which if a man lean on it , it will go into his hand and pierce it ! So is Pharaoh the king of Egypt to all those who trust in him .
But Jehovah is the true God , He is the living God and the everlasting King . At His wrath the earth shall tremble , and the nations shall not be able to stand His indignation .
Is this not the fast I have chosen : to open bands of wickedness , to undo thongs of the yoke , and to let the oppressed ones go free ; even that you pull off every yoke ?
And yet again the Philistines raided in the valley .
The crown of pride of the drunkards of Ephraim shall be trampled down .
He who cultivates his ground shall have plenty of bread , but one pursuing vanities shall have much poverty .
And now then cry in the ears of the people , saying , Whoever is fearful and trembling , let him return and leave Mount Gilead . And twenty two thousand of the people returned . And ten thousand were left .
And Saul camped in the hill of Hachilah which is on the face of the desert , by the highway . And David was staying in the wilderness . And he saw that Saul had come after him into the wilderness .
For , behold , I raise up the Chaldeans , the bitter and impetuous nation which is going into the broad spaces of the land , to possess dwellings not his own .
But in the fourth watch of the night , Jesus went out to them , walking on the sea .
They also gave Me gall in my food ; and in My thirst they gave Me vinegar to drink .
And God set them in the expanse of the heavens , to give light on the earth ,
What ? Do you trim your ways to seek love ? For this reason you have even taught the evil women your ways .
And they went to the entrance of Gedor , to the east side of the valley to look for pasture for their flocks .
and Keilah , and Achzib , and Mareshah ; nine cities and their villages
And I and all the people with me shall draw near to the city . And it shall be , when they come out to meet us as at the first , and we have fled before them ,
And it shall belong to Aaron and to his sons , and they shall eat it in the sanctuary , for it is most holy to him , from the fire offerings of Jehovah , a never ending statute .
And you , son of man , prophesy and strike palm to palm . And let the sword be doubled the third time , the sword of the slain . It is the sword of the slain , the great one that surrounds them ,

To the chief musician . A Contemplation for the Sons of Korah . We have heard with our ears , O God ; our fathers have told us the work You did in their days , in the days of old .
And his possessions were seven thousand sheep , and three thousand camels , and five hundred yoke of oxen , and five hundred she-asses , and a very great household , so that this man was greater than all the sons of the east .
which also was brought in , our fathers having inherited with Joshua , in the taking of possession of the nations , whom God drove out from the face of our fathers , until the days of David ,
And it happened , when and the sons of Israel had finished destroying them with a very great blow , until they were completely destroyed , and the remnant of them who escaped went into the fortified cities ,
And He shall give their kings into your hand ; and you shall destroy their name from under the heavens . No man shall be able to stand before you until you have destroyed them .
of the tribe of Gad , Geuel the son of Machi .
Who knows if He will turn and have pity and leave a blessing behind Him , a food offering and a drink offering for Jehovah your God ?
Then I said to them , Let each man cast away the filthy idols of his eyes , and do not defile yourselves with the idols of Egypt ; I am Jehovah your God .
And the third took her , and likewise also the seven did not leave children , and died .
And Pharaoh's daughter said to her , Take this child away and nurse him for me , and I will give your wages . And the woman took the child and nursed him .
honor your father and your mother , " and , " You shall love your neighbor as yourself . " ;
And the ransomed of Jehovah shall return and enter Zion , with singing and everlasting joy on their head ; gladness and joy shall reach them ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee .
God causes the lonely to live at home ; He brings out those who are bound with chains , while the rebellious dwell in a dry land .
So says Jehovah of hosts : Now ask the priests the law , saying ,
Fear , and the pit , and the snare , shall be on you , O dweller of Moab , declares Jehovah .
And going out , they preached everywhere , the Lord working with them and confirming the word by the signs following . Amen .


For do not let any of you suffer as a murderer , or a thief , or an evildoer , or as a meddler in the affairs of others .
You have turned away from the covenant of your servant ; You have defiled his crown on the ground .
For if by the offense of the one death reigned through the one , much more those who are receiving the abundance of grace and the gift of righteousness shall rule in life by the One , Jesus Christ .
who say to the seers , Do not see ; and to visioners , Do not have a vision for right things to us ; speak smooth things to us ; have a vision of trifles .
Then I contended with the rulers , and said , Why is the house of God forsaken ? And I gathered them and set them in their place .
If your hater is hungry , give him bread to eat , and if he is thirsty , give him water to drink ,
And you shall put the mercyseat on the ark from above . And you shall put the testimony into the ark , which I shall give to you .
The sons of Zaccai were seven hundred and sixty .
the sons of Bazlith , the sons of Mehida , the sons of Harsha ,
And it happened on the day Jehovah spoke to Moses in the land of Egypt :
There is no healing for your fracture ; your wound is severe . All who hear of your report shall clap the palm over you , for on whom has your wickedness not continually passed ?
In the good day , be in good spirit , but also consider in the evil day , that God has made one along with the other , so that man should not find anything after him .
And taking him , they threw him out of the vineyard and killed him .
so that he may search in the book of the records of your fathers , and you shall discover in the book of the records and shall know that this city is a rebellious city , and hurtful to kings and to provinces ; and insurrection was stirred up in it in the past ; for which reason this city was destroyed .
Praise Jehovah ! Blessed is the man who fears Jehovah , delighting greatly in His commands .
And Agrippa said to Paul , It is allowed for you yourself to speak . Then Paul made a defense , stretching out the hand :
And they heard a great voice out of Heaven saying to them , Come up here . And they went up into the heaven in the cloud . And their enemies saw them .
and their food offerings , flour mixed with oil , three tenths parts to the one bullock , for the thirteen bullocks ; two tenths parts to each of the two rams ;
Having said these things , Jesus went out with His disciples across the winter stream Kidron , where there was a garden into which He and His disciples entered .
And Hazael said , Why is my lord weeping ? And he said , Because I know the evil that you will do to the sons of Israel . You will send their fortified places into fire and you will slay their young men with the sword . And you will dash their sucklings to pieces ; and you will rip up their pregnant women .
And you shall command the priests bearing the ark of the covenant , saying , When you come to the edge of the waters of the Jordan you shall stand still in the Jordan .
Can you bind the bands of the Pleiades , or loosen the cords of Orion ?

But you shall be called , Priests of Jehovah ; it will be said of you , Ministers of our God . You shall eat the riches of the nations , and you shall revel in their glory .
And around the throne I saw twenty four thrones , and on the thrones I saw twenty four elders sitting , having been clothed in white garments . And they had golden crowns on their heads .
The tabernacle of the testimony was among our fathers in the wilderness , as He who spoke to Moses commanded to make it according to the pattern which he had seen ,
Here is the mind having wisdom : the seven heads are seven mountains , where the woman sits on them .
Jehovah is good for a stronghold in the day of distress ; and He knows those who trust in Him .
These are the numbered things of the tabernacle , the tabernacle of the testimony , which were numbered at Moses' command for the service of the Levites in the hand of Ithamar , the son of Aaron the priest .
Deceit is in the heart of those who plot evil , but to counselors of peace is joy .
And David did so , as Jehovah commanded him . And he struck the Philistines from Geba until you come to Gezer .
And Amasa went to call Judah , but delayed beyond the set time which he had set for him .

The One testifying these things says , Yes , I am coming quickly . Amen . Yes , come , Lord Jesus !
Now these are the heads of the fathers , and the genealogy of those who went up with me from Babylon , in the reign of Artaxerxes the king :
And Jehovah was angry with me because of your words , and swore I would not pass over the Jordan , and that I might not go into the good land which Jehovah your God is giving to you as an inheritance .
And there shall be a booth for a shade from the heat , and for a refuge , and for a hiding place from storm and rain .
But as he was sitting on the judgment seat , his wife sent to him , saying , Let nothing be to you and that just one . For I have suffered many things today by a dream because of him .

And death and Hades were thrown into the Lake of Fire . This is the second death .
And when a man's ox strikes against the ox of his neighbor , and it dies , they shall sell the living ox , and they shall divide the silver ; and they shall also divide the dead .
And Serug lived thirty years and fathered Nahor .
Remember His wonders that He has done , His signs , and the judgments of His mouth ,
And these are the names of Aaron's sons : Nadab , the first-born ; and Abihu , Eleazar , and Ithamar .
And he went out from Pharaoh , and he prayed to Jehovah .
As for God , His way is perfect ; the word of Jehovah is purified ; He is a shield to all who seek refuge in Him .
O magnify Jehovah with me ; and let us exalt His name together .
Do not move the old landmark which your fathers have set .
Your people He shall judge in righteousness , and Your poor in justice .
And taking security from Jason and the rest , they let them go .
And his wife Zeresh and all his friends said to him , Make a wooden gallows fifty cubits high , and tomorrow speak to the king and let them hang Mordecai on it ; and go rejoicing in with the king to the banquet . And the thing was good in Haman's eyes . And he caused the wooden gallows to be made .
When you till the ground , it will not again give its strength to you . You shall be a vagabond and a fugitive on the earth .
And over them were three presidents ( was one of them ) , so that these satraps might give account to them , and the king should have no loss .
But you denied the Holy and Just One , and asked for a man , a murderer , to be granted to you .
You crown the year of Your goodness , and Your tracks drop with fruitfulness .
And he went from there to Mount Carmel , and from there he returned to Samaria .
And He said to them , How do you not understand ?

And the Gibeonites said to him , We will have neither silver nor gold by Saul and by his house . Also , we will have no man in Israel put to death . And he said , What you say , I will do for you .
From the God of your father , may He help you . And may the Almighty bless you with blessings of Heaven from above , blessings of the deep that lies beneath , blessings of the breasts and womb .


And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines ( for he had taken eighteen wives , and sixty concubines ; and he fathered twenty eight sons and sixty daughters ) .

and said to him , See , tell no one a thing , but go show yourself to the priest , and offer what Moses directed concerning your cleansing , for a testimony to them .
Then taking a pound of ointment of pure , costly spikenard , Mary anointed the feet of Jesus and wiped off His feet with her hairs . And the house was filled with the odor of the ointment .
And he brought me through the entry which was at the side of the gate , into the holy rooms for the priests , facing north . And , behold , there was a place on the two sides westward .

Abiezer the Anathothite ; Mebunnai the Hushathite ;
The remnant of the house of Judah that has escaped shall again take root downward , and it makes fruit upward .
And I will spread My net over him , and he shall be taken in My snare . And I will bring him to Babylon . And I will judge him there with his treason which he has betrayed against Me .
And answering , he said , " You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your strength , " and with all your mind , and " your neighbor as yourself . "
the ones who built on the wall , and the ones who carried a burden , bearing with one of his hands , a worker in the work ; and one holder of the weapon .
because an excellent spirit , and knowledge , and understanding , explaining of dreams , and revealing of hard sentences , and the unraveling of knots , were found in this Daniel , whom the king named Belteshazzar . Now let be called , and he will reveal the meaning .
And all the elders of Israel came to the king , to Hebron . And king David cut a covenant with them in Hebron before Jehovah . And they anointed David as king over Israel .


He shall suck the poison of asps ; the viper's tongue shall slay him .
For Jehovah will have pity on Jacob , and will yet choose among Israel , and set them in their own land . And the stranger shall be joined to them ; and they shall cling to the house of Jacob .
And the angel of Jehovah returned a second time , and touched him , and said , Get up , eat , for the way is too great for you .
And saying these things , as they looked on , He was taken up , and a cloud received Him from their eyes .
Then she ran and came to Simon Peter , and to the other disciple whom Jesus loved , and said to them , They took away the Lord out of the tomb , and we do not know where they laid Him .
And I , in my integrity You uphold me , and You set your face before me forever .
I in them , and You in Me , that they may be perfected in one ; and that the world may know that You sent Me and loved them , even as You loved Me .
And I shall give to them one heart , and I will put a new spirit within you . And I will remove the stony heart out of their flesh , and I will give them a heart of flesh ,
And the chief of the executioners assigned Joseph to be with them , and he served them . And they were in custody many days .
for whom Jehovah loves He corrects , even as a father corrects the son with whom he is pleased .
and storehouses for the increase of grain , and new wine , and oil , and stalls for all kinds of animals , and flocks for the stalls ;
And for this I will humble the seed of David ; but not forever .

And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the nations , in the midst of many peoples , like a lion among the beasts of the forest , like a young lion among the flocks of sheep ( who both tramples and tears in pieces if he passes through ) and there is no one to snatch back .
And with them were their brothers of the second rank , Zechariah , Ben , and Jaaziel , and Shemiramoth , and Jehiel , and Unni , Eliab , and Benaiah , and Maaseiah , and Mattithiah , and Elipheleh , and Mikneiah , and Obed-edom , and Jeiel , the gatekeepers .
he said with a loud voice , Stand upright on your feet ! And he leaped up and walked about .
The young men of Aven and Pibeseth shall fall by the sword , and they shall go into captivity .
Then if they say to you , Behold , He is in the wilderness ; do not go out . Behold , He is in the inner rooms ; do not believe .
and standing at His feet , weeping behind Him , she began to wash His feet with tears . And she was wiping with the hairs of her head . And she ardently kissed His feet and was anointing them with the ointment .

And the whole city was moved , and there was a running together of people . And having laid hold of Paul , they drew him outside of the temple , and at once the doors were shut .
And when I heard their cry , and these words , I was very angry .

For you are our glory and joy .
And the angel said to me , Why did you marvel ? I will tell you the mystery of the woman , and of the beast supporting her , the one having the seven heads and the ten horns .
And when you blow an alarm the second time , the camps that lie on the south side shall pull up ; they shall blow an alarm for their journeys .
And all the rulers obeyed , and all the people who had entered into the covenant allowed them to go free , each man his male slave , and each man his female slave ; so that not any should enslave among them any more ; and they obeyed and let them go .
He carves iron with a tool ; he works in the coals and forms it with hammers , and works it with his powerful arm ; then he is hungry , and has no strength ; he drinks no water and is weary .
And he covered the house , the beams , the threshold , and the walls , and its doors with gold ; and engraved cherubs on the walls .
And may God Almighty bless you and make you fruitful , and add to you ; and may you become an assembly of nations .

O Samaria , your calf has cast you off . My anger is kindled against them . Until when will they not attain purity ?
The way of a guilty man is perverted ; but the pure , his work is right .
If Your people shall go out to battle against its enemy , in the way that You have sent them , and they have prayed to Jehovah the way of the city which You have chosen , and of the house which I have built for Your name ,
For you have felt around all my articles ; what have you found from all the articles of your house ? Set it here before my brothers and your brothers and let them decide between the two of us .
And this was a small thing in Your eyes , O God ; but You have spoken to Your servant house for a great while to come , and have looked upon me as a type of the Man who is on high , O Jehovah God !
Here is the end of the matter . As for me , Daniel , my thoughts troubled me much , and my face changed on me . But I kept the matter in my heart .
And Aaron turned back to Moses , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation ; and the plague was stayed .
Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God in Jerusalem . And the king , his nobles , his wives , and his concubines drank with them .
Watch , brothers , lest perhaps shall be in any one of you an evil heart of unbelief in withdrawing from the living God .
but whoever commits blasphemy against the Holy Spirit has no forgiveness to eternity , but is liable to eternal judgment
So he made the ten bases , one casting , one measure , one form was to them all .
by the number of the days in which you spied out the land , forty days , a day for a year , a day for a year ; you shall bear your iniquities forty years ; you shall know My alienation from you .
And Achish trusted David , saying , Surely he has made himself to be hated among his people in Israel , and has become my servant forever .
Others said , These are not words of one having been possessed by a demon . A demon is not able to open the eyes of blind ones .

on account of which things the wrath of God is coming on the sons of disobedience ,
and the pots , and the shovels , and the forks , and all their vessels did his master Hiram make for king Solomon for the house of Jehovah , of burnished bronze .
And five of you shall pursue a hundred , and a hundred of you shall pursue a myriad ; and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword .


and killed majestic kings ; for His mercy endures forever ;
To the chief musician , A Psalm of David , the servant of Jehovah , who spoke the words of this song to Jehovah in the day that Jehovah delivered him from the hand of all his foes , and from the hand of Saul . And he said : I love You , O Jehovah , my strength .
And besides all these things , a great chasm has been fixed between us and you , so that those desiring to pass from here to you are not able , nor can they pass from there to us .
And the seven years of plenty which were in the land of Egypt were ended .
And Sharezer and Regem-melech , and his men , had sent to Bethel to seek the favor of the face of Jehovah ,
And hearing , the nations rejoiced and glorified the Word of the Lord . And as many as had been appointed to eternal life believed .
The desert creatures shall also meet with the howlers ; and the shaggy goat shall cry to his fellow . The screech owl shall also settle there , and find a place of rest for herself .
and He lifted up His hand to them , to make them fall in the wilderness ;
For anyone who does any of these disgusting things , even the persons who are doing them , shall be cut off from the midst of their people .
For I said , Lest they rejoice over me in the slipping of my foot ; they exalt themselves over me .
All you inhabitants of the world and dwellers of the earth , as one lifts a banner on the peaks , you will see . And you will hear as the blowing of a ram's horn .
On the north side shall be the standard of the camp of Dan , according to their armies ; the ruler of the sons of Dan being Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai .
They have set up kings , but not by Me . They have made rulers , but I did not know . They made idols for themselves with their silver and their gold , so that they may be cut off .
After this thing Jeroboam did not turn from his evil way , but turned again and made from the lowest of the people priests of high places ; he who desired , he consecrated him , and he became one of the priests of the high places .
And the king said to Amasa , Call for me the men of Judah within three days ; and you stand here .
Why do you kick at My sacrifice and at My offering which I commanded in My habitation ? And why do you honor your sons above Me , to make yourselves fat with the best of all the offerings of My people ?
If I say : Surely the darkness shall cover me ; even the night shall be light around me .
and honey , and curds and sheep , and cheese from the herd , for David , and for the people who were with him to eat . For they said , The people are hungry and weary and thirsty in the wilderness .
But he said , Not to madness , most excellent Festus , but I speak words of truth and sanity .

And being saved , then they knew that the island is called Melita .
Every creeping thing which is alive shall be food for you . I have given you all things , even as the green plant .

And He marveled because of their unbelief . And He went around the villages in a circuit , teaching .
For the mountains yield food for him , and all the beasts of the field play there .
For John came neither eating nor drinking , and they say , He has a demon .
And it happened , when the king lived in his house , and Jehovah had given him rest from all his enemies all around ,
Can anyone forbid the water that these not be baptized , who the Holy Spirit received , even as we also ?
And crying with a loud voice , Jesus said , Father , " into Your hands I commit My spirit . " And saying this , He breathed out the spirit .
For the one that died has been justified from sin .

Then do not let anyone judge you in eating , or in drinking , or in respect of a feast , or the new moon , or of sabbaths ,
My fruit is better than gold , yea , than fine gold ; and my increase is better than the best silver .
And he brought me into the inner court of the house of Jehovah . And , behold , at the opening of the temple of Jehovah , between the porch and the altar , were about twenty five men with their backs to the temple of Jehovah , and their faces eastward . And they bowed themselves eastward to the sun .
for he studied himself , and has gone away , and immediately he forgot of what kind he was .
Then everyone who hears these words from Me , and does them , I will compare him to a wise man who built his house on the rock ;
Then they said to Him , Where is your father ? Jesus answered , You neither know Me , nor My Father . If you had known Me , then you also would have known My Father .
On the tenth day Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai , ruler of the sons of Dan offered :
Let us lift up our heart and palms to God in Heaven .
But if your eye is evil , all your body is dark . If , then , the light in you is darkness , how great is the darkness !
And out of the tribe of Issachar , Kedesh and its open lands ; Daberath and its open lands ;
a wild ass used to the wilderness . In the passion of her desire she snuffs up the wind in her time . Who can turn her away ? All those who seek her will not tire themselves ; in her month they will find her .

And Solomon went to Ezion-geber , and to Eloth on the seacoast , in the land of Edom .

In the fear of Jehovah is strong trust , and His sons shall have a hiding place .
But if their slipping away is the riches of the world , and their default the riches of the nations , how much more their fullness ?
And I will be found by you , says Jehovah . And I will turn away your captivity , and I will gather you from all the nations , and from all the places where I have driven you , says Jehovah . And I will bring you again into the place from which I sent you into exile , from there .

Indeed , as regards the gospel , enemies for you , but as regards the election , beloved for the sake of the fathers .
And I have seen that nothing is better than that the man should rejoice in his works ; for that is his portion ; for who can bring him to see what shall be after him ?
And Abraham said to him , Take heed for yourself that you not take my son back there .
Boasting , I have become foolish . You compelled me . For I ought to be commended by you , for I lacked nothing of the highest apostles , even though I am nothing .
And when the virgins were gathered together the second time , then Mordecai sat in the king's gate .
And He cried in my ears with a loud voice , saying , Let the overseers of the city draw near , even each with his destroying weapon in his hand .
And the rain was on the earth forty days and forty nights .
And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah , and Abiathar . And the general of the king's army was Joab .
Please let us go to the Jordan , and we each one shall take a beam from there . And we shall make for ourselves a place there , to live there . And he said , Go .
And from there they went to Beer ; that is the well of which Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying , Gather the people and I will give water to them .
saying , To you I will give the land of Canaan , the portion of your inheritance ;
from the birds according to its kind , and from the cattle according to its kind , from every creeping thing of the ground according to its kind . Two from each shall come in to you to keep alive .
But having spent all his things , a severe famine came throughout that country , and he began to be in need .
And the Angel of Jehovah did not appear any more to Manoah , or to his wife . Then Manoah knew that He was the Angel of Jehovah .
And thorns shall grow in her palaces , nettles and thistles in its fortresses ; and it shall be a home for jackals , a court for daughters of ostriches .
Ethiopia , and Lydia , and Lud , and all the mixed people , and Chub , and the sons of the land of the covenant with them , shall fall by the sword .
And Saul hurried and fell the full length of his stature to the earth , and greatly feared from the words of Samuel . And there was no power in him , for he had not eaten food all that day , and all the night .
And when the tabernacle goes forward , the Levites shall take it down . And when the tabernacle is to be encamped , the Levites shall set it up . And the stranger that draws near shall be put to death .
And , behold , you have risen up in your fathers' stead . an increase of sinful men , to add still more to the heat of Jehovah toward Israel !
King Solomon made himself a litter bed of the trees of Lebanon .
And every food offering which was baked in an oven , and every one that is prepared in the stewing pan , and on the griddle , shall be the priest's that offers it ; it is his .
There is neither part nor lot to you in this matter , for your heart is not upright before the face of God .
Let slaves be subject to their own masters , well-pleasing in all things , not speaking against them ,
And by surpassing revelations , that I not be made haughty , a thorn in the flesh was given to me , a messenger of Satan , that he might buffet me , that I not be made haughty .
Or if there is flesh in which the skin has a hot burning , and the raw flesh of the burning becomes a bright white spot , being very red or white ;
And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat , I will disguise myself , and go into battle ; and you put on your robes . And the king of Israel disguised himself . And they went into battle .
And said to Hezekiah , Hear the word of Jehovah of Hosts :
And they said to him again , What did he do to you ? How did he open your eyes ?
Please go , make yet more sure , and know , and see his place where his foot is ; who has seen him there , for one has said to me , He is very subtle .
he shall bring out all the bullock to the outside of the camp , to a clean place , to the place of the pouring of ashes ; and he shall burn it on the wood with fire ; it shall be burned at the place of pouring of ashes .
For whatever things were written before were written for our instruction , that through patience and encouragement of the Scriptures we might have hope .

You shall also speak to Shemaiah the Nehelamite , saying ,
Do not be overcome by evil , but overcome the evil with good .
And Moses numbered them according to the command of Jehovah , as he had been commanded .
and he cut the ram into its pieces , and Moses burned it as incense with the head , and the pieces , and the fat .
And the priest shall make a sin offering , and shall atone for him who is to be cleansed from his uncleanness . And afterwards he shall slaughter the burnt offering ;
And I have said , I will bring you up from the affliction of Egypt to the land of the Canaanite , the Hittite , and the Amorite , and the Perizzite , and the Hivite , and the Jebusite ; to a land flowing with milk and honey .
I will heal their backslidings ; I will love them freely ; for My anger has turned away from him .
He has made a memorial for His wonders ; Jehovah is gracious and full of pity .

For the word of God is living , and powerfully working , and sharper than every two-edged sword , and piercing as far as the division of both soul and spirit , of both joints and marrow , and able to judge of the thoughts and intentions of the heart ;

As a shepherd seeks his flock in the day that he is among his scattered sheep , so I will seek out My sheep and will deliver them from all the places where they were scattered in a day of cloud and thick cloud .
Then you shall bring out to your gates that man or that woman who has done this evil thing , the man or the woman ; and you shall stone them with stones , and they shall die .
But concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need for it to be written .
Has Christ been divided ? Was Paul crucified for you ? Or were you baptized into the name of Paul ?
But on coming to Jesus , when they saw He was dead already , they did not break His legs .

If you have anything to say , answer me ; speak , for I desire to justify you .
They hurried and forgot His works ; they did not wait for His counsel ;
Whom have you reproached and reviled ? Against whom have you lifted up a voice ? Yea , you have lifted up your eyes on high , even against the Holy One of Israel !
And a host was given with the regular sacrifice because of transgression . And it threw the truth down to the ground , and it worked and prospered .
And a sabbath occurring , He began to teach in the synagogue . And hearing , many were amazed , saying , From where came these things to this one ? And what is the wisdom given to him , that even such works of power come about through his hands ?
and their food offering , flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts to the one bullock , two tenth parts to the one ram ,
And the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest , and the priests of the second order , and the keepers of the door , to bring out from the temple of Jehovah all the vessels that were made for Baal , and for Asherah , and for all the host of the heavens . And he burned them at the outside of Jerusalem , in the fields of Kidron , and carried their ashes to Bethel .
And those hearing said , And who is able to be saved ?
And Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan , and said to them , You go up this way into the Negeb , and go up into the hills ;
And if the ear says , Because I am not an eye , I am not of the body , on account of this , is it not of the body ?
And it is still more abundantly clear that if another priest arises according to the likeness of Melchizedek ,

Circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of God's commands .
All your haters have opened their mouth against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , We have swallowed up . Surely this is the day for which we waited ; we have found ; we have seen .
And the birds of prey came down on the carcasses , and Abram drove them away .
And Samuel took Saul and his young man and brought them into the room , and gave to them a place at the head of the invited ones . And they were about thirty men .
My Beloved is to me like a cluster of henna in the vineyards of Engedi .
I have heard the reproach of Moab , and the curses of the sons of Ammon , with which they have cursed My people and have magnified themselves on their border .
Jehovah shall go out as a warrior ; and He shall stir up His zeal like a man of war ; He shall shout , yea , roar ; He shall act mightily on His enemies .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Go down , warn the people lest they break through to gaze at Jehovah , and many of them fall .
And the men of Nineveh believed in God , and they called a fast and put on sackclothes , from the greatest of them even to the least of them .
And it happened , when Sanballat heard that we built the wall , he was angry , and it was greatly enraging to him , and he mocked the Jews .
And what I write to you , behold , before God I do not lie .

And the sons of Israel traveled from Rameses to Succoth , the men being about six hundred thousand on foot , apart from little ones .

Hadid ; Zeboim ; Neballat ;
For I am to Ephraim as the lion , and as the young lion to the house of Judah ; I , even I , tear and go ; I take away , and no one rescues .
Come , behold the works of Jehovah , who sets ruins on the earth ,
God is not a man that He should lie , or a son of man that He should repent . Has He said , and shall He not do it ? And has He spoken , and shall He not make it good ?
For the pain of the poor , for the sighing of the needy , I will now rise up , says Jehovah ; I will set in safety ; he pants for it .
And every living thing which was on the face of the earth was wiped away , from man to cattle , and to the creeping things , and the fowl of the heavens . And they were wiped off from the earth , and only Noah was left , and those who were with him in the ark .
At that time Rezin the king of Syria brought Elath back to Syria , and threw the Jews out of Elath ; and the Syrians came to Elath and lived there to this day .
And Absalom commanded his young men , saying , Now watch when Amnon's heart is glad with wine , and when I say to you , Strike Amnon , you shall kill him . Do not fear . Did not I command you ? Be strong , and be valiant .
being buried with Him in baptism , in whom also you were raised through the faith of the working of God , raising Him from among the dead .

And you shall gather all its spoil into the middle of its open place , and shall burn the city with fire , and all its spoil , completely , before Jehovah your God . And it shall be a heap forever ; it shall not be built any more .
The greeting with my hand , Paul .
Sons of Israel , hear the word of Jehovah , for Jehovah has a quarrel with the inhabitants of the land ; for there is no truth , and no mercy , and no knowledge of God in the land .
in order that all the trees by the waters may not be exalted in their height , and do not give their top among the thick boughs , and do not stand up in their mighty exaltation , all drinking waters . For all of them are given to death to the earth's lowest parts , in the midst of the sons of men , with those going down into the Pit .
so it was always ; the cloud covered it , and the appearance of fire by night .
He made lattices , net work with twisted threads of chain-work , for the capitals on the top of the pillars ; seven for the one capital , and seven for the other capital .
And the child grew , and became strong in spirit . And he was in the deserts until the day of his showing to Israel .
For they prophesy a lie to you , to remove you far from your land , that I should drive you out , and you should perish .
And say , Mountains of Israel , hear the word of the Lord Jehovah : So says the Lord Jehovah to the mountains , and to the hills , to the ravines , and to the valleys , Behold , I , even I will bring a sword on you , and I will destroy your high places .
and a chariot came up and went out of Egypt for six hundred shekels of silver , and a horse for a hundred and fifty ; and so for all the kings of the Hittites , and for the kings of Syria they brought them out by their means .
And he said , Call for her . And he called for her . And she stood at the door .
And the sons of Keturah , Abraham's concubine : she bore Zimran , and Jokshan , and Medan , and Midian , and Ishbak , and Shuah . And the sons of Jokshan were Sheba and Dedan .
When you buy a Hebrew slave , he shall serve six years And in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing .
They made shoulderpieces for it , joined together ; it was joined on its two ends .
And they said , Peace is to your servant , to our father ; he still lives . And they fell down and bowed .
For so says Jehovah , the God of Israel , to me . Take the wine cup of this wrath from My hand and cause all the nations to whom I shall send you to drink it .
And any man who curses his father and his mother shall certainly be put to death ; he has cursed his father and his mother ; his blood shall be on him .
The sons of Hashum were three hundred and twenty eight .
And Saul asked of God , Shall I go down after the Philistines ? Will You give them into the hand of Israel ? But He did not answer him on that day .
And he said to them , I am a hundred and twenty years old today . I am not able any more to go out and to come in . And Jehovah has said to me , You shall not cross over this Jordan .
And they put the two golden cords on the two rings , on the ends of the breast pocket .
And he shall offer the second for a burnt offering , as by decree . And the priest shall atone for him , because of his sin which he has sinned ; and it shall be forgiven him .

You make us a strife for our neighbors , and our enemies laugh to themselves .
And Solomon's food for one day was thirty measures of fine flour , and sixty measures of meal ,
And the shaggy goat is the king of Greece . And the great horn between his eyes is the first king .

And Jonathan said to David , Go in peace , because we have sworn , the two of us , in the name of Jehovah , saying , Jehovah shall be between you and me , and between my seed and your seed forever . And he rose up and went . And Jonathan went into the city .
And he will turn many of the sons of Israel to the Lord their God .
You shall send out from male and female . You shall send them to the outside of the camp . And they shall not defile their camps in the midst of which I dwell .
We shall do this to them , and shall keep them alive , and wrath shall not be on us because of the oath which we have sworn to them .
And Barzillai said to the king , How many are the days of the years of my life , that I should go up with the king to Jerusalem ?
the little owl , and the eared owl , and the barn owl ,

And the people shouted , and blew with the ram's horns , and it happened , when the people heard the sound of the ram's horn , the people shouted a great shout . And the wall fell under it ; and the people went up into the city , each man in front of him ; and they captured the city .
And he read in it before the plaza before the Water Gate , from the morning until noon , before the men and the women , and those who could understand . And the ears of all the people listened to the Book of the Law .
And he said , What is this monument that I see ? And the men of the city said to him The grave of the man of God who came from Judah and proclaimed these things that you have done concerning the altar of Bethel .
But some of the Pharisees said to them , Why do you do that which is not lawful to do on the sabbaths ?
But let him who glories glory in this , that he understands and knows Me , that I am Jehovah , doing kindness , justice and righteousness in the earth ; for I delight in these , says Jehovah .
The voice of Jehovah causes the does to calve , and He uncovers the forests . And in His temple , it all is saying , Glory !
and the altar of burnt offering , and all its vessels , and the laver and its base .
And Moses and Aaron , and all the congregation of the sons of Israel , did to the Levites according to all that Jehovah had commanded Moses concerning the Levites ; so the sons of Israel did to them .
And for the east side eastward fifty cubits ,
But the boat was now in the middle of the sea , tossed by the waves , for the wind was contrary .

Behold , God is mighty , and He does not despise . He is mighty in strength of heart .
And at once , one of them running and taking a sponge , and filling it with " vinegar , " put it on a reed and " gave drink to Him . "
Jesus answered them , I showed you many good works from My Father . For which work of them do you stone Me ?
And , behold , as Barak followed Sisera , Jael came out to meet him , and said to him , Come , and I will show you the man whom you are seeking . And he came in to her , and , behold ! Sisera had fallen dead with the peg in his temple .
But You are holy , being enthroned on Israel's praises .
And the Chaldeans spoke to the king in Aramaic : O king , live forever ! Tell your servants the dream , and we will reveal the meaning .
that you not say , We have discovered wisdom . It is God who will scatter him , not man .
And you shall keep the Feast of Weeks to Jehovah your God according to the measure of the freewill offering of your hand , which you shall give according as Jehovah your God blesses you .

All the cities for the sons of Merari by their families , those left of the families of the Levites , were by their lot twelve cities .
And his words were with Joab the son of Zeruiah , and with Abiathar the priest . And they helped , going after Adonijah .
Also the sons of Noph and Tahpanhes have fed on your crown .

For who knows what is good for man in this life , the number of the days of his vain life ? Even he makes them like the shadow . For who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun ?
And the rest of the acts of Jehoahaz , and all that he did , and his might , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel ?

And it happened as He reclined in his house , even many tax collectors and sinners reclined with Jesus and His disciples , for they were many . And they followed Him .
And under their hand was a powerful army , three hundred and seven thousand , five hundred , that made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .

And the anger of Jehovah glowed against Moses . And He said , Do I not know your brother , Aaron the Levite , that he can speak well ? And , behold , he also is coming out to meet you , and he will see you and be glad in his heart .
When the good thing increases , those who devour it increase ; then what profit is it to its owners , except to see it with his eyes ?
But the rest said , Let be ; let us see if Elijah is coming to save him .
My enemies speak evil of me , saying , When will he die and his name perish .
So they shall prepare the lamb , and the food offering , and the oil , from dawn to dawn as a burnt offering continually .
have mercy on me , O Jehovah , for I am weak ; heal me , O Jehovah , for my bones are troubled .
Of the sons of Hebron , Jeriah was the first , Amariah the second , Jahaziel the third and Jekameam the fourth .
I have declared to you today that you shall certainly perish . You shall not prolong your days in the land to which you are crossing the Jordan , to go in there to possess it .
And the gate of the inner court was across from the gate toward the north and toward the east . And he measured from gate to gate , a hundred cubits .
And he burned the flesh and the skin with fire , at the outside of the camp .
envyings , murders , drunkennesses , wild parties , and things like these ; of which I tell you beforehand , as I also said before , that the ones practicing such things will not inherit the kingdom of God .
And Mary Magdalene , and Mary of Joses , saw where He was laid .
For the Scripture says to Pharaoh , " For this very thing I raised you up , so that I might show forth My power in you , and so that My name might be publicized in all the earth . "
And he said to him , Take these vessels and go . Deposit them in the temple in Jerusalem , and let the house of God be built on its place .
And it was in the heart of my father David to build a house for the name of Jehovah , God of Israel ;
Bless Jehovah , all His hosts , ministers of His , doing His will .
not to go beyond and to overreach his brother in the matter , because the avenger concerning all these is the Lord , even as we told you before , and solemnly testified .
And the days of Israel to die drew near . And he called to his son Joseph and said to him , Now if I have found favor in your eyes , please put your hand under my thigh , and do kindness and truth with me . Please do not bury me in Egypt ;
Behold , I waited for your words ; I listened to your reasons while you searched out words ;
Your own wickedness shall correct you , and your apostasies shall reprove you . Know , then , and see that your forsaking Jehovah your God is evil and bitter ; and My fear is not in you , declares the Lord Jehovah of hosts .
And now go , and I will be with your mouth , and will teach you what you shall speak .
Son of man , has not the house of Israel , that rebellious house , said to you , What are you doing ?
The One coming from above is above all . The one being of the earth is earthy , and speaks of the earth . The One coming out of Heaven is above all .
Let all the nations be assembled , and let the peoples be gathered . Who among them can declare this and cause us to hear former things ? Let them give their witnesses , that they may be justified . Or let them hear and say , It is true .

And when they blow with them , all the congregation shall gather themselves to you at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And two doors were to the temple and the sanctuary .
But outside are the dogs and the sorcerers , and the fornicators , and the murderers , and the idolaters , and everyone loving a lie , and making it .
I said of laughter , it is madness , and of mirth , What does it do ?
And David went from there to Mizpeh of Moab . And he said to the king of Moab , Please let my father and my mother come and be with you , until I know what God will do to me .
And the angel answered and said to me , These are the four spirits of Heaven who go forth from standing before the Lord of all the earth .
O foolish Galatians , who bewitched you not to obey the truth , to whom before your eyes Jesus Christ was publicly portrayed among you , crucified ?

For Jehovah has redeemed Jacob , and ransomed him from the hand of the one stronger than he .
Pray also for me , that to me may be given speech in the opening of my mouth with boldness to make known the mystery of the gospel ,
for the Bread of Arrangement , and for the continual food offering , and for the continual burnt offering , of the sabbaths , of the new moons , for the set feasts , and for the holy things , and for the sin offerings to make atonement for Israel , and all the work of the house of God .
You shall richly bestow on him from your flock , and from your threshing floor , and from your winepress , with that which Jehovah your God has blessed you , you shall give to him .
And the holy garments which are Aaron's shall be his sons' after him , for anointing in them and for filling their hands in them .
In that day there shall be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria . And Assyria shall come into Egypt ; and Egypt into Assyria ; and Egypt shall serve with Assyria .
Do all things without murmurings and disputings ,
Their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of Jehovah . But all the earth shall be consumed by the fire of His jealousy . For He shall make a full , yea , a speedy end of all the dwellers in the land .
And Samuel said , How can I go ? When Saul hears , then he will kill me . And Jehovah said , You shall take a heifer from the herd in your hand , and shall say , I have come to sacrifice to Jehovah .
And she fell on her face and bowed to the earth , and said to him , Why have I found grace in your eyes , that you should notice me , and I a foreigner ?
They did not remember His hand , on the day He redeemed them from the enemy ;

And it will be , one day which shall be known to Jehovah ; not day and not night , but it will be , there will be light at evening time .
As the waters go away from the sea , and a river wastes away and dries up ,
And in their wailing they shall lift up a lamentation and lament over you , saying , Who is like Tyre , as she who is quiet in the midst of the sea ?
for sin taking occasion through the commandment deceived me , and through it killed me .
And blindfolding Him , they were striking His face and questioning Him , saying , Prophesy , who is the one stinging you ?
And the prophet came to the king of Israel and said to him , Go , make yourself strong , and look and see what you do ; for at the return of the year the king of Syria will come up against you .
And all the people broke off the rings of gold in their ears , and they brought to Aaron .
For so says the Lord Jehovah : My people went down to Egypt at the first , to reside there , and without cause Assyria oppressed him .
And he shall have the one tribe for my servant David's sake , and for Jerusalem's sake , the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel .
And Abram said , Lord Jehovah , what will You give to me since I am going childless and the son of the inheritance of my house is Eleazar of Damascus ?
And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo , the Ahohite ; he was among the three mighty ones ;
let me be weighed in a just balance so that God may know my integrity .
But Jesus had spoken about his death , but they thought that He spoke of the sleep of slumber .
is as the light of the morning , as the sun shines ; a morning without clouds ; through shining after rain the tender grass sprouts from the earth .
Blessed are the peacemakers ! For they shall be called sons of God .
And we see that they were not able to enter in because of unbelief .
And Jesus said to him , I will come and heal him .
When I broke the five loaves to the five thousand , how many hand baskets full of fragments did you take up ? They said to Him , Twelve .
And you shall make two cherubs of gold ; you shall make them of beaten work from the two ends of the mercyseat .
And Gad came to David and said to him , So says Jehovah , Choose for yourself :
Examine yourselves , whether you are in the faith , prove yourselves . Or do you not yourselves perceive that Jesus Christ is in you , unless you are reprobates ?
For wisdom is in a shadow ; and silver is in a shadow ; but the excellency of knowledge is that wisdom gives life to those who have it .
Woe to those wise in their own eyes , and discerning in their own sight !
Now in those days John the Baptist came preaching in the wilderness of Judea ,
And in the reign of Ahasuerus , in the beginning of his reign , they wrote an accusation against the people of Judah and Jerusalem .
And all ate and were satisfied . And they took up the left over pieces , seven lunch baskets full .
And the men of Israel who were beyond the valley , and who were beyond the Jordan , saw that the men of Israel had fled , and that Saul and his sons had died . And they abandoned the cities and fled . And the Philistines came in and lived in them .
When the heavens are restrained , and there is no rain , because they have sinned against You , and they have prayed toward this place , and confess Your name , and have turned from their sin because You have afflicted them ,
And Baruch , the son of Neriah , did according to all that the prophet commanded him , reading in the book the words of Jehovah in the house of Jehovah .
I have loved you , says Jehovah . But you say , In what way have You loved us ? Was not Esau the brother to Jacob ? Yet Jehovah declares , I loved Jacob ,
And the days were many , and the wife of Judah , the daughter of Shuah , died . And Judah was comforted , and he went up to the shearers of his flocks , he and his friend Hirah of Adullam , to Timnah .
A treaty between you and me , between my father and your father ! Behold , I have sent you a present of silver and gold . Go , break your treaty with Baasha the king of Israel , that he go up from me .

And he kissed all his brothers , and wept on them . And afterwards his brothers spoke with him .
Paul , an apostle , not from men nor through man , but through Jesus Christ and God the Father , the One raising Him from the dead ,
There shall not be the thing of a man on a woman , nor shall a man put on a woman's garment . For whoever does these things is an abomination to Jehovah your God .
For if I build again these things which I destroyed , I confirm myself as a transgressor .
Bring game to me and make delicious things that I may eat , that I may bless you before Jehovah before I die .
And He spoke a parable to those who had been invited , noting how they were choosing out the chief seats , saying to them ,


He also walked in their counsel , and went with Joram the son of Ahab the king of Israel to battle against Hazael the king of Syria , in Ramoth-gilead ; and the Syrians struck Jehoram ;
So we built the wall , and all the wall was joined together to the half of it . For the people had a heart to work .
For all the gods of the peoples are idols ; but Jehovah made the heavens .
Sacrifice and offering You did not desire ; You have opened ears to Me . You have not asked burnt offering and sin offering .
And Philip was from Bethsaida , of the city of Andrew and Peter .
He was the true Light ; He enlightens every man coming into the world .
And they went in and lay siege against him in Abel-beth-maachah , and mounded up a siege-mound against the city . And it stood against the outermost wall , and all the people with Joab were undermining , to cause the wall to fall .
So says the Lord Jehovah , It shall not rise , nor shall it happen .
if indeed in being clothed , we shall not be found naked .
Therefore , O harlot , hear the word of Jehovah ,
My lips shall shout for joy , for I will sing praise to You ; also my soul which you have redeemed .

For if the inheritance is of law , it is no more of promise ; but God has given it to Abraham through promise .
But seeing the crowds , He went up into the mountain , and seating Himself , His disciples came near to Him .
And he again sent another slave . But they also sent that one away empty , beating and insulting him .
He will remember all your offerings , and make fat your burnt sacrifices . Selah .
And all the cities of the sons of Aaron the priest were thirteen cities and their open land .
Your father commanded before his death , saying , So you shall say to Joseph , Please lift up now the rebellion of your brothers , and their sin ; for they did evil to you . And now please lift up the rebellion of the servants of the God of your father . And Joseph wept when they spoke to him .
The proud have scorned me utterly ; I have not veered from Your law .
Let their eyes be darkened from seeing , and cause their loins to quiver continually .
then he shall wave the sheaf before Jehovah for your acceptance ; on the morrow of the sabbath the priest shall wave it .
Jesus spoke this allegory to them , but they did not know what it was which He spoke to them .
And leading Him up into a high mountain , the Devil showed Him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , Again in this place which is a waste without man or even beast , and in all its cities shall be a home of shepherds causing flocks to lie down .
I will freely sacrifice to You ; I will praise Your name , O Jehovah , for it is good .
And a man drew with a bow in innocence , and struck the king of Israel between the joinings and the breastplate . And he said to the charioteer , Turn your hand , and you shall bring me out of the battle , for I have been wounded .
And repentance and remission of sins must be preached on His name to all the nations , beginning from Jerusalem .
And Samuel said to the people , Come , and let us go to Gilgal and renew the kingdom there .
Rise up , go to Nineveh , the great city , and cry out to it the proclamation that I am declaring to you .
For Your loving-kindness is better than life ; my lips give praise to You .
And she said to her , is your taking my husband a little thing ? Will you also take my son's love-apples ? And Rachel said , So he shall be with you tonight , for your son's love apples .

And I saw ; and behold , a white cloud and on the cloud One sitting , like the Son of man , having on His head a golden crown , and in His hand a sharp sickle .
And Moses spoke to the sons of Israel according to all that Jehovah had commanded Moses .
And the king came in from Damascus , and the king saw the altar ; and the king drew near to the altar and offered on it ;
who say , Let Him hurry and hasten His work , so that we may see ; and let the purpose of the Holy One of Israel draw near and come , so that we may know !
And Joseph said to his brothers , I am Joseph . Is my father still alive ? And his brothers were not able to answer him , for they trembled before him .
And now , please look on me . For if I lie , it is before your face .
And David built an altar there to Jehovah , and offered burnt offering and peace offerings . And Jehovah was entreated for the land ; and the plague was stayed from Israel .

Who is this speaking , and it happens when the Lord does not command it ?
He who despises the word shall be destroyed , but he who fears the commandment shall be rewarded .
What then ? Shall we sin because we are not under law , but under grace ? Let it not be !
and over the load carriers and overseers of everyone doing work for each separate service ; and of the Levites were scribes and superintendents and gatekeepers .
He who has clean hands and a pure heart ; who has not lifted up his soul to guile , and has not sworn in deceit .

To the chief musician . Do not destroy . A secret treasure of David . Will you indeed speak righteousness in silence ? Do you judge uprightly , O sons of men ?
A Psalm . O sing to Jehovah a new song , for He has done wondrous things ; His right hand and His holy arm has saved Him .

mind the things above , not the things on the earth ,
And he was there until the end of Herod , that might be fulfilled that spoken by the Lord through the prophet , saying , " Out of Egypt I have called My Son . "
And he came in ; and , behold , the army commanders were sitting . And he said , I have a word to you , O commander . And Jehu said , To which of all of us ? And he said , To you , O commander .
and one goat , a sin offering , besides the continual burnt offering , and its food offering , and its drink offering .

For who is God except Jehovah ? And who is a rock except our God ?

And he did evil in the eyes of Jehovah , like the abominations of the nations that Jehovah had driven out from before the sons of Israel .
and Abishua , and Naaman , and Ahoah ,
The lips of the righteous feed many , but fools die for lack of heart .
And I also established My covenant with them to give to them the land of Canaan , the land of their travels , in which they traveled .
And his sister Hammoleketh bore Ishod , and Abiezer , and Mahalah .
After him Binnui the son of Henadad repaired another piece , from the house of Azariah to the corner , even to the tower .
Hear , O Jehovah , my voice when I call , and favor me , and answer me .
And Pharaoh's daughter said to her , Go . And the girl went and called the child's mother .
And Moses said to Hobab the son of Reuel the Midianite , Moses' father in law , We are traveling to the place of which Jehovah has said , I will give it to you . Go with us , and we will do good to you ; for Jehovah has spoken good concerning Israel .
Whoever stops his ears at the cry of the poor , he himself shall also call , and shall not be answered .

And when the enemies of Judah and Benjamin heard that the sons of the exile built the temple to Jehovah the God of Israel ,
And their king shall go into captivity , he and his rulers together , says Jehovah .
Drought and heat eat up the snow waters ; Sheol those who have sinned .
And was taken to king Ahasuerus into his royal house in the tenth month , which is the month Tebeth , in the seventh year of his reign .
Therefore I also gave them statutes that were not good and by which they could not live .
And David stayed in the wilderness , in the strongholds . And he stayed in the hill , in the wilderness of Ziph . And Saul sought him all his days . And God did not give him into his hand .
And you , take to yourself wheat , and barley , and beans , and lentils , and millet , and spelt , and place them in a single vessel ; and prepare them for yourself into bread , to the number of days that you are lying on your side . You shall eat it three hundred and ninety days .
Then through fourteen years , I again went up to Jerusalem with Barnabas , also taking Titus with me .
But the king shall rejoice in God ; everyone who swears by Him shall glory , because the mouth of the one speaking a lie will be stopped .
When a righteous one turns from his righteousness and does injustice and dies in them , he shall die for his injustice which he has done .
You shall not go on giving straw to the people to make bricks , as yesterday and the third day . They shall go and pick up straw for themselves .
Do not deprive one another , unless by agreement for a time , that you may be free for fasting and prayer . And come together again on the same place , that Satan may not tempt you through your incontinence .
God looked down from Heaven on the sons of mankind , to see if there was any discerning , who was seeking God :
Did You not pour me out like milk ; yea , curdled me like cheese ?
even the prophet said , Amen ! May Jehovah do so ; may Jehovah confirm your words which you have prophesied , to bring again the vessels of the house of Jehovah , and all the exiles , from Babylon into this place .
It may be the house of Judah will hear all the evil which I plan to do to them , that they may each man turn from his evil way , and I may forgive their iniquity and their sin .
And they spoke to Moses , saying , The people are bringing more than enough for the service of the work that Jehovah commanded , to do it .
saying , We thank You , Lord God Almighty , the One who is , and who was , and who is coming , because You took Your great power and reigned .
Who has put wisdom in the inward parts ; or who has given understanding to the mind ?
Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful , and the end of that joy is heaviness .
And there was evening , and there was morning the third day .
Whoever keeps his mouth and his tongue keeps his soul from distresses .
This is the land that still remains : all the regions of the Philistines , and all Geshuri ,

But they insisted , saying , He stirs up the people , teaching throughout all Judea , beginning from Galilee to here .

And you shall measure outside the city for the east side two thousand cubits , and for the south side two thousand cubits , and on the north side two thousand cubits , and for the west side two thousand cubits ; the city being in the middle . This shall be to them the open land around the cities .
Let the righteous strike me ; it is a mercy ; and he rebuking me , it is oil of the head , let not my head refuse it ; for yet my prayer also shall be against their evils .
And they will not still be defiled with their idols , even with their filthy idols , nor with all of their transgressions . But I will save them out of all their dwelling places where they have sinned in them , and I will cleanse them . So they shall be for a people to Me and I will be for God to them .
And no one in Heaven was able to open the scroll nor to see it , neither on the earth , nor underneath the earth .
And the sons of Benjamin said , They are destroyed before us as at the beginning . But the sons of Israel said , Let us flee and draw them away out of the city , into the highways .
And the horses which Solomon had were brought out of Egypt and out of Kue , the king's merchants took them from Kue at a price ;
and having in His right hand seven stars ; and a sharp , two-edged sword proceeding out of His mouth , and His face shining as the sun in its power .
And its torrents shall be turned to pitch , and its dust to brimstone ; and its land shall become burning pitch .
as He has done on this day , Jehovah has commanded you to do , to make atonement for you .
And I give eternal life to them , and they shall never perish to the age , and not anyone shall pluck them out of My hand .
And the sons of Asher : Jimnah , and Ishuah , and Isui , and Beriah , and their sister Serah . And the sons of Beriah : Heber and Malchiel .


For by day and by night Your hand was heavy on me ; my sap was turned into the droughts of summer . Selah .
And the rest of the acts of Shallum , and his conspiracy that he conspired , behold , they are written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel .
For he says , Are not my commanders all like kings ?
But not finding them , they dragged Jason and some brothers before the city judges , crying , Those turning the habitable world upside down have come here , too ;
my lips shall not speak wickedness , nor my tongue utter deceit .

And when the dragon saw that he was cast out onto the earth , he pursued the woman who bore the male .
And you , lie down on your left side , and lay the iniquity of the house of Israel on it . The number of the days that you shall lie down on it , you shall bear their iniquity .
and the rest of the oil on the palm of the priest , he shall put on the head of him who is to be cleansed . And the priest shall make atonement for him before Jehovah .
Open my eyes and I will see wonderful things from Your law .

And the eye is not able to say to the hand , I have no need of you ; or again the head to the feet , I have no need of you .
And you shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation lest you die . For the anointing oil of Jehovah is on you . And they did according to the word of Moses .
From the fruit of his mouth a man eats good , but the desire of the deceiver is violence .
When your son asks you hereafter , saying , What are the testimonies and the statutes and the ordinances which Jehovah your God has commanded you ?
And if the man does not desire to take his brother's wife then his brother's wife shall go up to the gate , to the elders , and say , My husband's brother is refusing to raise up a name to his brother in Israel ; he has not been willing to perform the duty of my levirate .
Jehovah is near those who are broken-hearted , and saves those who have a contrite spirit .
And you will be hated by all on account of My name , but the one enduring to the end shall be kept safe .
the twenty first to Jachin , the twenty second to Gamul ,
The pride of man brings him low , but the humble of spirit takes hold of honor .
And sending away the crowds He went into the boat and came to the borders of Magdala .
Evil shall slay the wicked , and those who hate the righteous shall become guilty .
And Joab blew the ram's horn . And all the people stood still , and did not pursue Israel any more ; nor did they fight any more .
And two hundred men went out of Jerusalem with Absalom , chosen ones . And they went out in their simplicity and did not know anything .
And strangers have cut him off , the fearful of the nations , and have left him . His branches have fallen on the mountains and in all the valleys , and his boughs have been broken in all the ravines of the land . And all the people of the land have gone from his shadow and have left him .
and now our soul withers . There is nothing except this manna before our eyes .
And be watchful in all that I have said to you . And you shall not mention another god by name ; it shall not be heard from your mouth .

And when the seven thunders spoke their sounds , I was about to write . And I heard a voice out of Heaven saying to me , Seal what things the seven thunders spoke , and do not write these things .
even as you also learned from Epaphras our beloved fellow-slave , who is a faithful minister of Christ for you ,
and He shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities .
As for your birth , in the day you were born , your navel was not cut , and you were not washed with water to cleanse you . And you were not salted , and you were not at all swaddled .
But after the two days , He went out from there , and went away into Galilee .

Or how can you say to your brother , Brother , let me pull out the twig in your eye , not yourself seeing the log in your eye ? Hypocrite ! First take the log out of your eye , and then you will see clearly to take out the twig in your brother's eye .
And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest , who shall ask for him according to the judgment of the Urim before Jehovah . At his mouth they shall go out , and at his mouth they shall come in , he and all the sons of Israel with him , even all the congregation .
They ate and were filled full ; for their own lust He brought to them .
and I looked ; and , behold ! You had sinned against Jehovah your God ; you had made a casted calf for yourselves ; you had quickly turned out of the way which Jehovah had commanded you .
Then they said to him , Who are you , that we may give an answer to those sending us ? What do you say about yourself ?

My hand shall be fixed with him ; and My arm shall make him strong .

In the twelfth year of Ahaz the king of Judah , Hoshea the son of Elah reigned in Samaria , nine years over Israel .
You have seen my wrong , O Jehovah ; judge my cause .
which He has made with Abraham , and His oath to Isaac ;
And five of them were wise , and five foolish .

And David and all the house of Israel were dancing before Jehovah with all instruments of fir wood , with lyres and with harps , and with tambourines , and with sistra , and with cymbals .
And say to the sons of Ammon , Hear the word of the Lord Jehovah . So says the Lord Jehovah : Because you have said , Aha ! against My sanctuary when it was profaned , and against the land of Israel when it was ruined , and against the house of Judah when they went into exile ;

And a great hail , as the size of a talent , came down out of the heaven upon men . And men blasphemed God from the plague of the hail , because its plague is exceedingly great .
And Abner was exceedingly angry over the words of Ishbosheth . And he said , Am I a dog's head , that I deal with kindness with the house of your father Saul in regards to Judah today , to his brothers , and to his friends , and have not caused you to be found in the hand of David , and you charge a stroke against me with this woman today ?
I will also break the bar of Damascus , and cut off the inhabitant of the Valley of Aven , and him who holds the scepter from Beth-eden . And the people of Syria shall go captive to Kir , says Jehovah .
Streams of water go out of my eye for the ruin of the daughter of my people .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah , as his father Manasseh did ,
You will then say to me , Why does He yet find fault ? For who has resisted His will ?
And the Amalekite and the Canaanite were living in the valley . Tomorrow turn and pull up stakes for yourselves ; going into the wilderness , the way of the Sea of Reeds .
You shall not fear the terror of night , of the arrow that flies by day ;
Then , this taking place , the rest who were having infirmities in the island also came up , and they were healed .
but with precious blood of Christ , as of an unblemished and unspotted lamb ,
For the name of God is blasphemed among the nations through you , even as it has been written :
then he went down into the king's house , into the scribe's room . And , behold , all the rulers were sitting there , Elishama the scribe , and Delaiah the son of Shemaiah , and Elnathan the son of Achbor , and Gemariah , the son of Shaphan , and Zedekiah , the son of Hananiah , and all the rulers .
While the silver cord is not yet loosed , or the golden bowl is crushed , or the pitcher is shattered at the fountain , or the wheel broken at the cistern ;
but let me lie with my fathers , and carry me from Egypt , and bury me in their burying place . And he said , I will do according to your words .
How have you advised the ones not wise or fully declared wise plans ?
But being minded to save Paul , the centurion kept them back from their purpose and commanded those able to swim , first casting themselves overboard , to go out on the land .
if I have found favor in the eyes of the king , and if it pleases the king to grant my petition and to perform my request , let the king and Haman come to the banquet which I shall prepare for them , and I will do tomorrow according to the word of the king .
And also the multitude came together from the cities around Jerusalem , bringing sick ones and those being tormented by unclean spirits , who were all healed .
And , behold , when the wall has fallen , it shall not be said to you , Where is the daubing with which you have daubed ?

only if hearing you listen to the voice of Jehovah your God , to take heed to do all this command which I am commanding you today .

There is nothing like him on earth , one made without fear .
And he said : Jehovah is my rock and my fortress , and my Deliverer .
The king answered and said to the Chaldeans , The word is certainly gone from me . If you will not make known the dream and its meaning to me , you will be made into mere members , and your houses shall be made an outhouse .
Then He came to His disciples and said to them , Sleep on , and rest for what time remains . Behold , the hour draws near , and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners .
And you shall not leave any of it until morning . And you shall burn with fire that left from it until morning .
And he set the rods which he had peeled by the troughs , by the water troughs where the flocks came to drink , across from the flocks . And they were in heat when they came to drink .
Yea , He shall turn back their blood on the head of Joab , and on the head of his seed forever . And as for David and for his seed , and for his house , and for his throne , there shall be peace forever from Jehovah .
And He said to them , Why are you troubled ? And why do reasonings come up in your hearts .
And I will make Samaria into ruins of the field , planting places for a vineyard . And I will pour down her stones into the valley , and I will uncover her foundations .
That is the Aaron and Moses to whom Jehovah said , Bring out the sons of Israel from the land of Egypt , according to their armies .
besides the burnt offering of the month , and its food offering , and the continual burnt offering , and its food offering , and their drink offerings , according to their ordinance for soothing fragrance , a fire offering to Jehovah .
My lips shall pour forth praise when You have taught me Your statutes .
For we do not proclaim ourselves , but Christ Jesus as Lord , and ourselves your slaves for the sake of Jesus .
And David sent and asked about the woman . And one said , Is this not Bathsheba , the daughter of Eliam , the wife of Uriah the Hittite ?

Then it was needful for the figures of the things in the heavens to be cleansed with these ; but the heavenly things themselves by better sacrifices than these .
But the rest of the dead did not live again until the thousand years were ended . This is the first resurrection .
And Jonathan covenanted with the house of David , that Jehovah should seek it from the hand of David's enemies .
Greet one another with a kiss of love . Peace be to you , all those in Christ Jesus . Amen .
Make me understand and I will keep Your law , and observe it with the whole heart .
And tore his clothing , and fell on his face to the earth before the ark of Jehovah until the evening , he and the elders of Israel . And they threw dust on their heads .
But first He must suffer many things and be rejected from this generation .
And in the second month , on the twenty seventh day of the month , the earth was dry .
they shall not see the land which I have sworn to their fathers . Yea , not one of those scorning Me shall see it .
But hearing the word , being grieved , the young man went away , for he had many possessions .
I will thank You , for with fearful things I am wonderful ; Your works are marvelous , and my soul knows it very well .
She deals good with him , and not evil , all the days of her life .
As for My people , children are their oppressors , and women rule over him . Oh My people , your rulers cause you to go astray , and they swallow the way of your paths .
And Cain went out from the presence of Jehovah . And he lived in the land of Nod , east of Eden .
And the Word of God was increasing , and the number of the disciples in Jerusalem was multiplying exceedingly . Even a great crowd of the priests were attending to the faith !
And he set up an altar there . And he called it , El , the God of Israel .
Until the present hour we also hunger and thirst , and are naked , and are buffeted , and wander homeless ,
Then we spoke to them in this way , What are they , the names of the men building this building ?
But I am Jehovah your God , stirring up the sea and a making its waves roar ; Jehovah of Hosts is His name .
You will hear my voice in the morning , O Jehovah , I will set myself for You in the morning , and I will look up .
And he himself burned incense in the valley of the son of Hinnom , and burned his sons in the fire , according to the abominations of the nations that Jehovah drove out from before the sons of Israel ;
But the word about Him spread even more . And large crowds were coming to hear and to be healed from their infirmities by Him .
and now , let the fear of Jehovah be upon you ; watch and act , for there is no perverseness with Jehovah our God , nor lifting up of faces , nor taking of a bribe .
Which I also did in Jerusalem , I also shut up many of the saints in prisons , receiving authority from the chief priests ; and they being put to death , I cast a vote .
And answering , Jesus said to them , The sons of this world marry and are given in marriage .
And Jesus said to him , " You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . "
Yet lifeless things giving a sound , whether flute or harp , if they do not give a distinction in the sound , how will it be known what is being piped or harped ?
breaking the plots of the crafty , nor did their hands perform the undertaking .
Pilate answered , Am I a Jew ? Your nation , even the chief priests , delivered you up to me ! What did you do ?
And Samuel said to all Israel , Behold , I have heard your voice , to all that you said to me , and I made a king to reign over you .
And He also is wise , and brings evil , and will not turn aside His words , but will rise against the house of evildoers , and against the help of those who work iniquity .
And the priest of Zeus being before their city , carrying bulls and garlands to the gates , he wished to sacrifice along with the crowds .
You shall not fight in this : station yourselves ; stand and see the salvation of Jehovah with you , O Judah and Jerusalem ; do not be terrified nor fear ; tomorrow go out before them , and Jehovah shall be with you .
and give a perfect heart to my son Solomon , to keep Your commandments , Your testimonies , and Your statutes , and to do all , even to build this magnificent house , for which I have prepared .
And Samlah died , and Shaul from Rehoboth by the River reigned in his place .
their hands do not feel ; their feet do not walk ; they do not mutter through their throat .
Fools ! Did not He who made the outside also make the inside ?
And if an alien shall reside with you , and desires to keep the Passover to Jehovah ; he shall do according to the statute of the Passover , and according to its ordinance . You shall have one statute , both for the alien and for the native of the land .
and spoke good things with him , and put his throne above the throne of the kings with him in Babylon .
I will mention Rahab and Babylon to those who know me ; behold , Philistia and Tyre with Ethiopia ; this man was born there .
And Balak the son of Zipper , the king of Moab , rose up and fought against Israel , and sent and called for Balaam the son of Beor to curse you .
we not considering the things seen , but the things not being seen ; for the things being seen are not lasting , but the things not being seen are everlasting .
The people of the land have used oppression and practiced robbery . And they troubled the poor and the needy , and they have oppressed the stranger without justice .
But woe to the woman having a child in womb , and to those suckling in those days !
These were the names of the men whom Moses sent to spy out the land . And Moses called Oshea the son of Nun , Joshua .
As the storm passes , so the wicked is not ; but the righteous is an everlasting foundation .
And the sons of Helah : Zereth , and Jezoar , and Ethnan .

These are the families of the sons of Asher , according to those numbered of them , fifty three thousand , four hundred .
And the sons of Israel who were found performed the Passover at that time , and the Feast of Unleavened Bread , seven days .
From Tappuah , the border went westward to the river Kanah , and its boundary line was at the sea . This is the inheritance of the tribe of the sons of Ephraim , for their families .
And the city lies four cornered , even its length as much as the width also . And he measured the city with the reed at twelve thousand stadia ; its length and width and height are equal .
For there is hope of a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , and its shoot will not cease .

And leaving Him , all fled .
Both the great and the small shall die in this land . They shall not be buried , nor shall men mourn for them , nor cut himself , nor make himself bald for them .

And he lay down and slept under a certain broom tree ; and behold , an angel touched him and said to him , Get up , eat !
And they made two rings of gold , and they put them on the two shoulderpieces of the ephod from beneath , on the front of its face , near its joining ; from above to the band of the ephod .
He sent darkness and made it dark ; and they did not rebel against His word .
Let my enemy be like the wicked and he who rises against me as the perverse .
And many nations shall pass by this city , and they shall each say to one another , why has Jehovah done this to this great city ?
And you shall certainly keep clear of the cursed things , that you not become accursed by taking from the cursed things , and shall make the camp of Israel become accursed , and trouble it .
And the stronghold of Pharaoh shall become a shame to you ; and relying on the shadow of Egypt shall be a disgrace .
And the king of Syria's servants said to him , Their god is a god of the hills ; on account of this they were stronger than we ; but let us fight against them in the plain , and surely , we shall be stronger than they ,
And Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day , as the king commanded , saying , Return to me on the third day .
And they rose up early in the morning . And the sun was shining on the water , and the Moabites saw the water on the opposite side as red as blood .
None is holy like Jehovah , for there is none except You ; yea , there is no rock like our God .
And they ate the old grain of the land on the morrow of the Passover , unleavened bread and roasted grain , in this same day .
Beautiful on high , the joy of all the earth , is Mount Zion , in the sides of the north , the city of the great King .
And Asahel ran after Abner , and did not turn to go to the right or to the left from following Abner .
And Samson said to her , If they bind me with seven green bowstrings which have not been dried , then I shall be weak and shall be as any man .
And they pulled out from Elim And all the congregation of the sons of Israel came into the Wilderness of Sin , which is between Elim and Sinai , on the fifteenth day of the second month after their going out from the land of Egypt .
Then the Jews answered and said to Him , What sign do you show to us , since you do these things ?
There the righteous might reason with Him ; and I would be forever delivered from my Judge .
And Abram pulled up stakes , going on and pulling up toward the Negeb .
And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold : six hundred of gold went to one target ;
Then rose up from before the house of God and went into the room of Johanan the son of Eliashib . And he went there , and he did not eat food , nor did he drink , for he mourned for the perfidy of the exiles .
And God blessed Noah and his sons . And He said to them , Be fruitful and multiply , and fill the earth .
And Noah went out , and his sons , and his wife , and his sons wives with him ;
But God raised Him up , loosing the throes of death , because it was not possible for Him to be held by it .
And also you will be brought before governors and kings for My sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
And Aaron and all the sons of Israel saw Moses . And , behold ! The skin of his face had become luminous . And they were afraid to draw near to him .
Simon Peter said to Him , Lord , where do You go ? Jesus answered him , Where I go you are not able to follow Me now , but afterwards you shall follow Me .
knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dies no more ; death no longer lords it over Him .
Bricks have fallen , but we will build with cut stones ; the sycamores are cut down , but we will use cedars instead .
Therefore , I desire the men to pray in every place , lifting up holy hands without wrath and doubting .
Drops that never cease on a rainy day , and a contentious woman are alike ;
And Hezekiah and the leaders came in and saw the heaps , and blessed Jehovah and His people Israel .

For the dreadful thing I dreaded has come on me ; and that which I feared has come to me .
and He said , Listen , all Judah , and you inhabitants of Jerusalem , and king Jehoshaphat ; so says Jehovah to you , You shall not fear nor be terrified of the face of this great multitude , for the battle is not yours , but God's .
And the people went into the field to meet Israel . And the battle was in the forest of Ephraim .
They drank wine and praised the gods of gold , and of silver , and of bronze , of iron , wood , and stone .
And they will be ruined amidst the wasted lands . And her cities shall be in the midst of the desolated cities .
And hearing , some of those standing by said , Behold , he calls Elijah .
And he shall cause the house to be scraped inside all around , and they shall pour out the dust which they have scraped off at the outside of the city , at an unclean place .
Your testimonies also are my delight and my counselors .

Yet they seek Me day by day , and desire knowledge of My ways . As a nation that has done right , and not forsaking the judgment of their God , they ask Me about judgments of righteousness ; they desire to draw near to God .
Do you not know that those running in a stadium indeed all run , but one receives the prize ? So run that you may obtain .
And David the king came in and sat before Jehovah , and said , Who am I , O Jehovah , and what is my house , that You have brought me thus far ?

For behold this same thing , you being grieved according to God , how much it worked out earnestness in you , but also defense , but also indignation , but also fear , but also desire , but also zeal , but also vengeance ! In everything you commended yourselves to be clear in the matter .
having been rooted and built up in Him , and having been confirmed in the faith , even as you were taught , abounding in it with thanksgiving .
and Hamath also borders on it ; Tyre and Sidon , though they are very wise .
So says Jehovah to me , Go and buy for yourself a linen band , and put it on your loins , and do not put it in water .
from Aroer on the lip of the river Arnon , and the city which is in the middle of the valley , and all the plain of Medeba , to Dibon ;
and the cherubs spread out wings over the place under the ark , and the cherubs covered the ark and its staves from above ;
And Jobab died ; and Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his place .
And he called his name Noah , saying , This one shall comfort us concerning our work and the toil of our hands because of the ground which the Lord has cursed .
our iniquities and the iniquities of your fathers together , says Jehovah ; they that burned incense on the mountains , and have blasphemed Me on the hills . And I will measure their former work on their bosom .
And He wrote on the tablets according to the writing , the Ten Commandments which Jehovah had spoken to you in the mountain , out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly . And Jehovah gave them to me ,
So speaks Jehovah of hosts , saying , This people says , The time has not come , the time for the house of Jehovah to be built .
And the king said again to on the second day of the banquet of wine , What is your petition , queen Esther , and it shall be given to you . And what is your request ? It shall be done , to the half of the kingdom .
For so says the Lord Jehovah : The sword of the king of Babylon shall come on you .
For he comes in with vanity , and goes out in darkness ; his name shall be covered in darkness .
And , behold , there are last ones who will be first , and there are first ones who will be last .


And you shall cause to draw near his sons . And you shall clothe them with tunics .
And He said to them , When I sent you without a purse , or a wallet , or sandals , did you lack anything ? And they said , Nothing .
and that the fords are captured . And they have burned the reeds with fire , and the men of war are terrified .
And you shall make two boards for the corners of the tabernacle , in the sides .
Or will you have faith in him , that he will return your seed , and gather it to your grain-floor ?
And there was no war until the thirty fifth year of the reign of Asa .

And he said to the one over the wardrobe , Bring out garments to all the servants of Baal . And he brought out the garments to them .
And they sang , praising and giving thanks to Jehovah , because He is good , for His mercy endures forever toward Israel . And all the people shouted with a great shout when they praised Jehovah because the foundation of the house of Jehovah was laid .
Iniquity is covered by mercy and truth , and in the fear of Jehovah , men turn aside from evil .
A Song , A Psalm for the Sons of Korah . Great is Jehovah , and exceedingly to be praised in the city of our God , His holy mountain .

and looking up into Heaven , He groaned and said to him , Ephphatha ! ( which is , Be opened ! )
Shriek with your voice , daughter of ruins ; bow , Laish , afflicted of Anathoth .
Sibbecai the Hushathite , Ilai the Ahohite ,
And Shechem said to her father , and to her brothers , Let me find favor in your eyes , and what you say to me I will give .
Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was amazed . And he rose up in haste ; he spoke and said to his royal officials , Did we not throw three men bound into the middle of the fire ? They replied and said to the king , True , O king .
And Phinehas , the son of Eleazar . the son of Aaron the priest , saw . And he rose from amidst the congregation and took a javelin in his hand ,
Elihoreph and Ahiah , the sons of Shisha , were the scribes , Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud the recorder .
I will keep Your statutes ; do not forsake me utterly .
He spoke another parable to them : The kingdom of Heaven is compared to leaven , which taking , a woman hid in three measures of meal until the whole was leavened .
And the ambush hurried and came against Gibeah , and the ambush drew itself out and struck all of the city by the mouth of the sword .
And as He was yet speaking , behold , a crowd ! And the one called Judas , one of the Twelve , came in front of them and drew near to Jesus in order to kiss Him .
But the Jews speaking against it , I was compelled to appeal to Caesar , not as having anything to accuse my nation .
You have heard that it was said to the ancients : " Do not commit adultery . "
And Joash did that which was good in the eyes of Jehovah all his days in which Jehoiada the priest guided him ;
And in the hills : Shamir , and Jattir , and Socoh ,
And He said to me , Son of man , eat what you find . Eat this roll , and go speak to the house of Israel .
And I will cause Elam to be afraid before their enemies and before those seeking their life . And I will bring evil on them , the burning of My anger , declares Jehovah . And I will send the sword after them until I have destroyed them .
From the priests were Jedaiah the son of Joiarib , Jachin ,
For I did not receive it from man , nor was I taught it , but by a revelation of Jesus Christ .
since it is one God who will justify circumcision by faith , and uncircumcision through faith .
The tongue of the just is as choice silver ; the heart of the wicked is as a little .
And the Spirit at once drove Him out into the wilderness .
And it happened , when Jehovah was to take up Elijah to Heaven in a tempest , Elijah and Elisha went from Gilgal .
And they gave to them for cities of refuge : Shechem in Mount Ephraim and its open lands ; and Gezer and its open lands ;
And his wife said to him , Are you still holding fast to your integrity ? Curse God and die !
My Beloved has gone down to His garden , to the terraces of spices , to feed in the gardens and to gather lilies .
Then justice shall dwell in the wilderness , and righteousness shall dwell in the fruitful field .
and he cried to the man of God who came from Judah , saying , So says Jehovah , Because you have resisted the mouth of Jehovah , and have not kept the command that Jehovah your God charged you ,
Vex the Midianites ; and you shall strike them ;

Dwellers of Moab , leave the cities , and live in the rock , and be like the dove who makes her nest in the sides of the mouth of the pit .
Do not marvel at this , for an hour is coming in which all those in the tombs will hear His voice .
If you will still remain in this land , then I will build you up , and will not tear you down . And I will plant you , and will not pluck you up . For I repent as to the evil that I have done to you .

And Abijah pursued Jeroboam and captured cities from him : Bethel and its villages , and Jeshanah and its villages , and Ephrain and its villages .

For You have possessed my inward parts ; You wove me in the womb of my mother .

You shall do no work ; it is a never ending statute throughout your generations , in all your dwellings .
Behold , my terror shall not frighten you ; and my burden shall not be heavy on you .
And the wings of the cherubs , their length was twenty cubits : the wing of the one was five cubits , touching the wall of the house , and the other wing was five cubits , touching the wing of the other cherub ;
I have not learned wisdom , but I do know the knowledge of holiness .
Then did the hooves of horses beat , from the galloping , galloping of his mighty stallions .
Abram ( he was Abraham ) .
And Moses did as Jehovah had commanded him , and the congregation was gathered to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
But standing up with the Eleven , Peter lifted up his voice and spoke out to them , Men , Jews , and all those living in Jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words :
serving as slaves with good will to the Lord , and not as to men ,
As to the house that king Solomon built for Jehovah , its length was sixty cubits , its breadth twenty , and its height thirty cubits .
who executes judgment for the oppressed ; who gives food to the hungry ; Jehovah sets free the prisoners ;
The sons of Bezai were three hundred and twenty four .
And He gave His people to the sword , and was angry with His inheritance .
And they pulled up from The Graves of Lust and camped in Hazeroth .
for they have become priests without the swearing of an oath , but He with the swearing through Him who says to Him , " The Lord swore , and will not repent , You are a priest forever according to the order of Melchizedek ; "
And they asked Him , saying , Do the scribes say that Elijah must come first ?
Bear one another's burdens , and so you will fulfill the law of Christ .
And he who was over the house , and he over the city , and the elders , and the supporters , sent to Jehu , saying , We are your servants , and all that you say to us we will do . We will not make anyone king . Do what is good in your eyes .

and Gedor , and Ahio , and Zacher .

And he commanded them , saying , This is the thing that you shall do . A third of you shall go in on the sabbath for keepers of the watch of the king's house .
And Jehovah said , I will also turn away Judah from My face , as I turned away Israel , and I will reject this city that I have chosen , Jerusalem , and the house of which I have said , My name shall be there .
and I sanctify Myself for them , that they also may be sanctified in truth .
And this is the parable : The seed is the Word of God .


And Saul separated him from himself and set him as his commander over a thousand . And he went out and came in before the people .

Have I not commanded you ? Be strong and brave . Do not be afraid or discouraged , for Jehovah your God is with you in all places where you go .
And it happened , when they brought out these kings to Joshua , called to every man of Israel and said to the commanders of the men of war who had gone with him , Draw near , set your feet on the necks of these kings . And they drew near and set their feet on their necks .
Again he sent other slaves , more than the first . And they did the same to them .
They stand by Your judgments to this day , for all are Your servants .
And they shall not take wood out of the field and shall not cut down out of the forest . For they shall burn the weapons with fire . And they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , declares the Lord Jehovah .
who laid down their neck for my soul , to whom not only I give thanks , but also all the churches of the nations .

And the scribes and Pharisees seeing Him eating with tax collectors and sinners , they said to His disciples , Why is it that He eats and drinks with the tax collectors and sinners ?
For I speak shame to you . So , is there not a wise one among you , not even one who will be able to give judgment on his brother in your midst ?
and the roof of your mouth like the best wine going down smoothly , for my Beloved , flowing softly over the lips of sleeping ones .
And all the acts of his authority and of his might , and the declaration of the greatness of Mordecai , with which the king made him great , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Media and Persia ?
And also let these be tested first , then let them serve , being without reproach .
And also women were following , who were accompanying Him out of Galilee , who watched the tomb , and how His body was placed .
And they came to the place which God had said to him . And Abraham built there the altar , and arranged the wood . And he bound his son Isaac and laid him on the altar , on the wood .
For this Christ both died and rose and lived again , that He might be Lord over both the dead and the living .

And any person who does any work in this same day , I shall even destroy that person from the midst of his people .
And Esau was a son of forty years . And he took a wife , Judith , the daughter of Beeri the Hittite ; also Basemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite .
And Philistine rulers brought to her seven fresh bowstrings which had not been dried , and she bound him with them .
He made him ride on the high places of the earth , so that he might eat the increase of the fields . And He made him suck honey out of the rock , and oil out of the flinty rock ;
For every man of the house of Israel , or of the alien who resides in Israel , who is separated from after Me and causes his idols to go up in his heart , and puts the stumbling-block of his iniquity before his face , and comes to the prophet to inquire of him concerning Me , I , Jehovah , will answer him Myself .
And it happened on the next day , the Philistines came to strip the wounded . And they found Saul and his three sons fallen down on Mount Gilboa .

For so says Jehovah of hosts : As I purposed to punish you when your fathers provoked Me to wrath , says Jehovah of hosts . And I did not repent ,
And He said to them , My soul is deeply grieved , unto death . Remain here and watch .
Then the chief priests of the Jews said to Pilate , Do not write , The king of the Jews , but that one said , I am king of the Jews .
Were they ashamed when they had done hateful things ? They were not even at all ashamed , nor did they know how to blush . So they shall fall among those who fall . In the time of their punishment they will stumble , says Jehovah .
And the men of Israel and Judah rose up and shouted , and pursued the Philistines until you enter the valley , even to the gates of Ekron . And the wounded of the Philistines fell in the way of Shaaraim , even to Gath , and to Ekron .
The Preacher sought to find out pleasing words ; and words of truth written on uprightness .
And he put the altar of burnt offering at the door of the tent of the tabernacle of the congregation . And he offered up on it the burnt offering and the food offering , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
They raped the women in Zion , virgins in the cities of Judah .
Of whomever you forgive the sins , they are forgiven to them . Or whomever you may retain , they are retained .
My spirit is broken ; my days are extinct ; graves are for me .

But woe to you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites ! For you shut up the kingdom of Heaven before men ; for you do not enter , nor do you allow those entering to go in .
And I progressed in Judaism beyond many contemporaries in my race , being much more a zealot of the traditions of my ancestors .
Be on guard before Him , and listen to His voice . Do not be rebellious against Him , for He will not forgive your transgressions ; for My name is in Him .
And Joseph nourished his father and his brothers , and all his father's house with bread for the mouth of the little ones .
And I hope you will know that we are not reprobates .

As a dog that returns to his own vomit , so a fool repeats his foolishness .
Give , and good measure will be given to you , pressed down and shaken together , and running over , they will give into your bosom . For the same measure which you measure , it will be measured back to you .
So also the Lord ordained those announcing the gospel to live from the gospel .
He has made everything beautiful in its time . Also , He has set eternity in their heart , without which man cannot find out the work that God makes from the beginning and to the end .
And they brought the he goats of the sin offering before the king and the congregation , and they lay their hands on them ;
All the heave offerings of the holy things which the sons of Israel shall lift up to Jehovah , I have given to you and to your sons , and to your daughters with you , by a never ending statute , a covenant of salt , it shall be forever before Jehovah to you and to your seed with you .
So says your Lord Jehovah and your God , He strives for His people . Behold , I have taken the cup of reeling out of your hand , the bowl of the cup of My fury ; you shall not yet again drink it .
and the pomegranates ( four hundred to the two net-works , two rows of pomegranates to the one net-work ) to cover the two bowls of the capitals that were on the face of the pillars .
And flogging Him , they will kill Him . And on the third day He will rise again .
According to all which I am going to reveal to you , the plan of the tabernacle , and the plan of all its vessels , even so you shall do .
And seek the peace of the city , there where I have caused you to be exiled . And pray to Jehovah for it ; for in its peace you shall have peace .
And his eldest brother Eliab heard when he spoke to the men . And Eliab's anger burned against David . And he said , Why is it you have come down ? And with whom have you left those few sheep in the wilderness ? I know your pride and the evil of your heart , for you have come down to see the battle .
And the overseers of the sons of Israel saw themselves in affliction , saying , You shall not diminish from your bricks , the matter of a day in its day .
And it happened , as Solomon finished building the house of Jehovah , and the house of the king , and all the desire of Solomon that he delighted to do ,
And Hezekiah the king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria , to Lachish , saying , I have offended , turn back from me ; that which you put on me I will bear . And the king of Assyria laid on Hezekiah the king of Judah three hundred talents of silver and thirty talents of gold .
Then do not be ashamed of the testimony of our Lord , nor of me , His prisoner . But suffer hardship with the gospel , according to the power of God ,
And afterward Moses and Aaron came in and said to Pharaoh , So says Jehovah the God of Israel , Send away My people , and they shall feast to Me in the wilderness .

And it happened when all the people with Ishmael saw Johanan , the son of Kareah , and all the army commanders with him , then they were glad .
And answering , Peter said to Him , Explain this parable to us .
And out of the half tribe of Manasseh : Aner and its open lands ; and Bileam and its open lands for the family of the rest of the sons of Kohath .


And the sons of Zilpah , Leah's slave-girl : Gad and Asher . These were Jacob's sons who were born in Padan-aram .
And the slave put his hand under the thigh of his master Abraham and swore to him concerning this thing .

For Jehovah comforts Zion . He comforts all her desolations , and He makes her wilderness like Eden , and her desert like the garden of Jehovah ; joy and gladness shall be found in it , thanksgiving and the voice of singing praise .
Even a man desiring my welfare , I trusted in him , eating of my bread ; this one has lifted up his heel against me .
But an angel of the Lord opened the doors of the prison during the night , and leading them out , he said ,
And next to him Uzziel the son of Harhaiah , of the goldsmiths , repaired . And next to his hand Hananiah the son of one of the perfumers repaired . And they left Jerusalem safe to the Broad Wall .
And they brought their offerings before Jehovah , six covered wagons and twelve oxen ; a wagon for every two of the rulers , for each one an ox . And they presented them before the tabernacle .
Jehovah knows the thoughts of man , that they are vain .
Oh wicked one , do not lie in ambush against the dwelling of the righteous ; do not violate his resting place ,
The watchman says , The morning comes , and also night . If you would inquire , inquire . Come ! Return !
The joy of timbrels ceases ; the noise of those who revel ends ; the joy of the harp ceases .
and at Enrimmon ; and at Zareah ; and at Jarmuth ;
Because of this , we also are striving to be pleasing to Him , whether being at home , or being away from home .
If you pound a fool in the mortar with a pestle amidst grain , his foolishness will not turn away from him .
The prophet who has a dream , let him tell a dream . And he who has My word , let him speak My word faithfully . What has the straw to do with the grain , says Jehovah ?
And he built an altar there and called on the name of Jehovah . And he pitched his tent there . And the slaves of Isaac dug a well there .


For Jehovah will contend for their cause , and will plunder the soul of their plunderers .
to whom the word of Jehovah came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon , king of Judah , in the thirteenth year of his reign .
And if they hide themselves in the top of Carmel , I will search and take them out from there . And if they hide from My eyes in the bottom of the sea , from there I will command the serpent , and he will bite them .
A cheerful heart makes good healing , but a stricken spirit dries the bone .
And you shall make two rings of gold on the breast pocket . And you shall put the two rings on the two ends of the breast pocket .
And Moses called to them . And Aaron and all the leaders among the congregation turned back to him . And Moses spoke to them .
Again on the morrow , and two from his disciples stood .
All the days of his separation to Jehovah he shall not go near a dead person .
But the mercy of Jehovah is from everlasting , even to everlasting , on those who fear Him ; yea , His righteousness is to the sons of sons ;
He who calls you is faithful , who also will perform it .
Swearing , and lying , and killing , and stealing , and the committing of adultery increase . And blood touches against blood .
But I am poor and needy ; the Lord will take thought for me . You are my help and my deliverer ; O my God , do not delay .
So we also , when we were infants , we were under the elements of the world , being enslaved .

And it happened , the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Woe to the destroyer , and you not being destroyed ; and to the betrayer , and they did not betray you ! When you finish destroying , you will be destroyed ; when you stop betraying , they will betray you .

And the sons of Elioenai : Hodaiah , and Eliashib , and Pelaiah , and Akkub , and Johanan , and Dalaiah , and Anani , seven .
And the queen answered and said , If I have found favor in your eyes , O king , and it pleases the king , let my life be given me at my petition , and my people at my request .
Then Jesus said to them , When you lift up the Son of man , then you will know that I AM ; and from Myself I do nothing ; but as My Father taught Me , these things I speak .
For I have bent Judah for Me as a bow ; I filled it with Ephraim . And I will stir up your sons , O Zion , against your sons , O Greece , and make you as the sword of a mighty man .
And Jehovah was with Joseph , and extended kindness to him . And He gave him favor in the eyes of the warden of the prison house .
And Mordecai went out from before the king in apparel of the kingdom , of blue and white , and with a great crown of gold , and with a garment of fine linen and purple . And the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad .
And the sons of Reuel : Nahath , and Zerah , Shammah , and Mizzah . These were the sons of Basemath , the wife of Esau .
For we know that the law is spiritual , and I am fleshly , having been sold under sin .
those numbered of them for the tribe of Issachar were fifty four thousand and four hundred .
See that no one returns evil for evil to anyone , but always pursue the good , both towards one another and towards all .
And you tell my father of all my honor in Egypt , and all that you have seen . And hurry and bring down my father here .
And the king said , Bring a sword to me . And they brought the sword before the king .
And if you do not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our daughter , and we will go .
And his servant Zimri , the captain of half of the chariots , conspired against him . And he was in Tirzah drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza , who was over the house of Tirzah .
And no bread was in the land , because the famine was exceedingly severe . And the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan were exhausted from the famine .
When Ephraim spoke trembling , he was lifted up in Israel . But he offended in Baal , and he died .
For so says Jehovah of hosts : Yet once , it is a little while , and I will shake the heavens and the earth and the sea and the dry land .
The God of Abraham , the God of Nahor , the God of their father , let judge between us . And Jacob swore by the Fear of his father Isaac .
This is what you shall do : the third of you going in on the sabbath , of the priests , and of the Levites , shall be keepers of the doors ;
And the young man answered Saul again and said , Behold , I have found a fourth of a shekel of silver ; and I shall give it to the man of God , and he shall declare our way to us .
And the king's servants who served him said , let beautiful young virgins be sought for the king .
But with loud voices they insisted , asking for Him to be crucified . And their voices , and that of the chief priests , prevailed .
For You are my hope , O Lord Jehovah , my trust from my youth .
And many nations shall be joined to Jehovah in that day , and they shall be My people . And I will dwell among you ; and you shall know that Jehovah of hosts has sent Me to you .
So also the women to adorn themselves in proper clothing , with modesty and sensibleness , not with plaiting , or gold , or pearls , or expensive garments ,
And I will show mercies to you , so that he may have pity on you , and cause you to return to your own land .
On account of this , calamity shall come suddenly ; he is broken quickly and there is no healing .
and of the tribe of the sons of Dan , Bukki the ruler , son of Jogli ;
so we the many are one body in Christ , and each one members of one another ,
Trust not in oppression , and do not be vain in robbery ; if riches increase to you , do not set your heart on them .
Jesus said to them , Have you understood all these things ? They said to Him , Yes , Lord .
And when he saw them , Jacob said , This is the camp of God . And he called the name of that place , Refuge .
And as Pharaoh commanded his men as to him , even they sent away him and his wife and all that he had .
And the custom of the priests with the people was : any man offering a sacrifice , ( and the priest's servant came when the flesh was boiling , with the three-toothed hook in his hand ) ,
Let my heart be blameless in Your statutes , that I may not be ashamed .
For an angel from time to time descended in the pool and agitated the water . Then the one first entering after the agitation of the water became well , whatever disease he was held by .
And no one puts new wine into old skins ; otherwise , the new wine will burst the skins , and it will be poured out , and the skins will perish .
Again , going out about the sixth and ninth hour , he did the same .
Inhabitant of Lachish , tie the chariot to the stallion ; she is the beginning of sin to the daughter of Zion , for the transgressions of Israel were found in you .
And now go , lead the people to that place which I have spoken to you . Behold , My Angel shall go before your face . And in the day of My visitation I will visit their sin on them .
And he said to them , Hear me , O Levites , now consecrate yourselves . And consecrate the house of Jehovah , the God of your fathers , and bring out the uncleanness from the holy place .
And Sadducees came to Him , who say there is no resurrection . And they questioned Him , saying ,

And the first came out , all of him red like a hairy robe ; and they called his name Esau .

who delivered us from so great a death , and does deliver ; in whom we have hope that He will still deliver us ,

But indeed put out Your hand now and touch his bone and his flesh , and he will curse You to Your face .

And he had brothers , the sons of Jehoshaphat : Azariah , and Jehiel , and Zechariah , and Azariah , and Michael , and Shephatiah ; all these were the sons of Jehoshaphat the king of Israel .
The gatekeepers : The sons of Shallum , the sons of Ater , the sons of Talmon , the sons of Akkub , the sons of Hatita , the sons of Shobai were a hundred and thirty eight .
And it shall be , when Jehovah your God shall bring you into the land which He has sworn to your fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob , to give to you great and good cities , which you have not built ,
And the south side , four thousand and five hundred measures , and three gates : the gate of Simeon , one ; the gate of Issachar , one ; the gate of Zebulun , one .
Ask now and see whether a man is giving birth ? Why do I see every man with his hands on his loins , like a woman in travail , and all faces are turned to paleness ?
And I will pour on the house of David , and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem , the Spirit of grace and of prayers . And they shall look on Me whom they have pierced ; and they shall mourn for Him , as one mourns for an only son , and they shall be bitter over Him , like the bitterness over the first-born .
Howl , O gate ! Cry , O city ! Philistia is melted away , all of you . For a smoke comes from the north , and not one is alone in his ranks .
if I covered my transgressions like Adam , by hiding my iniquity in my bosom ,
And He has made fall a lot for them , and His hand divided it to them by line . They shall possess it until forever , from generation to generation they shall live in it .
And Isaac said to Jacob , Come near now and let me feel you , whether then you are my son Esau , or not .
This is the Bread which came down out of Heaven , not as your fathers ate the manna and died ; the one partaking of this Bread will live forever .
When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of the three men , then his anger burned .
And Jehovah hardened the heart of Pharaoh , and he did not send away the sons of Israel .
And they heard the sound of Jehovah God walking up and down in the garden at the breeze of the day . And the man and his wife hid themselves from the face of Jehovah God in the middle of the trees of the garden .
And by the good hand of our God on us , they brought us a man of understanding from the sons of Mahli , the son of Levi , the son of Israel , and Sherebiah , with his sons and his brothers , eighteen .
And some of the heads of the fathers , when they came to the house of Jehovah at Jerusalem , offered freely for the house of God to set it up in its place .
When the strong one , having been armed , guards his dwelling , his goods are in peace .
Your words have upheld him who was falling , and you have made feeble knees strong .

But good things have been found with you , for you have burned the Asherahs out of the land , and have fixed your heart to seek God .
And the king of Egypt deposed him in Jerusalem , and fined the land a hundred talents of silver , and a talent of gold .
And the woman conceived and bore a son , at this season , according to the time of life that Elisha spoke of to her .
For so says the Lord Jehovah : I will even deal with you as you have done , who have despised the oath in breaking the covenant .
With whomever you find your gods , he shall not live before our brothers here . See for yourself what is with me , and take it to you . For Jacob did not know that Rachel had stolen them .
For I did not speak to your fathers , nor command them in the day that I brought them out from the land of Egypt , concerning matters of burnt offerings and sacrifices .
His flesh shall be fresher than in vigor ; let him return to the days of his youth .
Jesus answered and said to them , Even if I witness concerning Myself , My witness is true ; for I know from where I came , and where I go . But you do not know from where I came , and where I go .
And He said to them , Is it lawful to do good on the sabbaths , or to do evil ? To save a soul , or to kill ? But they were silent .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Speak to your brother Aaron , and he shall not come in at all times to the sanctuary within the veil , to the front of the mercy-seat .
These were the sons of Shem , according to their families , according to their tongues , in their lands , according to their nations .

And it shall be , when it is seen that Moab shall be wearied on the high place , then he shall come to his shrine to pray , and he shall not be able .
He looks to the earth , and it trembles ; He touches the hills , and they smoke .
Are they not all ministering spirits for service , being sent out because of the ones being about to inherit salvation ?
And also the vessels of gold and silver from the house of God , which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple in Jerusalem , and brought them into the temple of Babylon , those Cyrus the king took out of the temple of Babylon , and they were delivered to one whose name was Sheshbazzar , whom he had made governor .
And now , behold , Jehovah has put a lying spirit in the mouth of these your prophets . And Jehovah has spoken evil against you .
And who is the man that has planted a vineyard , and has not used its fruit ? Let him go and return to his house , that he not die in battle , and another man use its fruit .
And the man said , This now at last is bone from my bones , and flesh from my flesh . For this shall be called Woman , because this has been taken out of man .

and Cabbon , and Lahmam , and Kithlish ,
And many will follow their destructive ways , by whom the way of truth will be evil spoken of .
The hands of the compassionate women have boiled their own children ; they became food to them in the ruin of the daughter of my people .
And to the angel of the church of Laodicea , write : These things says the Amen , the faithful and true Witness , the Head of the creation of God :

I will be surety for him ; you may require him from my hand . If I do not bring him to you and set him before you , I shall be a sinner against you all the days .
And heal the sick in it , and say to them , The kingdom of God has drawn near to you .
let thorns come forth instead of wheat , and a weed instead of barley . The words of are finished .
If possible , as far as is in you , seeking peace with all men ;
to keep back the poor from judgment , and to steal justice from the poor of My people ; that widows may be their prey ; that they may rob orphans .
And I give judgment in this , for this is profitable for you , who began before not only to do , but also to be willing from last year .
He sent from above ; He took me ; He drew me out of many waters .

For a nation has come up on my land , strong and without number ; its teeth are the teeth of a lion , and it has the jaw teeth of a lioness .

And Judah said to Onan , Go in to your brother's wife and marry her , and raise up seed to your brother .
We have not obeyed the voice of the Lord our God , to walk in His laws which he set before us by His servants the prophets .
Israel has thrown off good ; the enemy shall pursue him .
And you then being alienated and enemies in your mind by evil works , yet now He reconciled
The lowest side-structure was five cubits wide ; and the middle was six cubits wide ; and the third story side-structure was seven cubits wide . For outside of the house he made narrowed ledges for the house all around , so as not to lay hold of the walls of the house .
And Moses said to the judges of Israel , Each one of you kill his men , those who joined to Baal-peor .
Good is a man showing favor and lending ; he will nourish his matters with equity .
The sons of Shemaiah : Othni , and Rephael , and Obed , Elzabad , whose brothers , mighty sons , were Elihu and Semachiah .
And I will set my face against them . They shall go out from the fire , and the fire shall devour them . And you shall know that I am Jehovah when I set My face against them .
And I said , Lord , they understand that I was imprisoning and beating the ones believing on You throughout the synagogues .
Aleph Blessed are the upright in the way , who walk in the law of Jehovah .

What then is the superiority of the Jew ? Or what the profit of circumcision ?
And they traveled and came in to Moses and to Aaron , and to all the tabernacle of the congregation of the sons of Israel , to the wilderness of Paran , to Kadesh . And they brought them and all the congregation word , and showed them the fruit of the land .
If we confess our sins , He is faithful and righteous that He may forgive us the sins , and may cleanse us from all unrighteousness .

when He set the clouds above , when He made the strong fountains of the deep ,
that when you have eaten and are satisfied , and have built goodly houses , and have lived in them ;
Even so it will be in the day the Son of man is revealed .
And Adam was not deceived , but the woman being deceived has come to be in transgression ;
The Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit . Grace be with you . Amen .
And the gate which faces the way of the north of the outer court , he measured its length and its breadth .
But he did not say this from himself , but being high priest that year , he prophesied that Jesus was about to die on behalf of the nation ,
Do this : take fire-pans for yourselves , Korah , and all his company ,
At that time Tatnai , governor of the province Beyond the River , and Shethar-boznai , and their associates , came to them , and said this to them : Who has commanded you to build this house and to complete this structure ?
And the key of the house of David I will lay on his shoulder , so that he opens , and no one shuts ; and he shuts , and no one opens .
And I consumed them , and struck them , and they did not rise ; but fell under my feet .
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the food offering , on the altar ; and the priest shall make atonement for him ; and he shall be clean .
The land of Egypt is before you ; cause your father and your brothers to live in the best of the land ; let them live in the land of Goshen . And if you know men of ability are among them , make them chiefs of livestock over what is mine .

They have been a wall to us both by day and by night , all the days we have been with them , feeding the flock .
And by the command of Jehovah Moses sent them from the wilderness of Paran they were all of them men , heads of the sons of Israel .
And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold from the heads of the thousands and of the hundreds . And they brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation , a memorial for the sons of Israel before Jehovah .
But into the second the high priest goes alone once in the year , not without blood , which he offers for himself and the ignorances of the people ;
And I will establish My covenant between Me and you , and your seed after you in their generations , for an everlasting covenant , to be a God to you and to your seed after you .
My transgression is sealed up in a bag , and You cover over my iniquity .
And why do you harden your heart as the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their heart ? When He acted powerfully with them , did they not send them away ? And they went .
And at midnight , a cry occurred : Behold , the bridegroom comes ! Go out to meet him .
And he carried me in spirit on to a great and high mountain , and showed me the great city , holy Jerusalem , coming down out of Heaven from God ,
Who ate the fat of their sacrifices , and drank the wine of their drink offerings ? Let them rise up and help you ; let it be a hiding place for you .

Your sons hurry ; those destroying you and ruining you shall go out from you .
This one is lodged with one Simon , a tanner , whose house is by the sea . He will tell you what you must do .
And Ahab the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah , Will you go with me to Ramoth-gilead ? And he said to him , As I am , so are you ; and as your people , so my people , even with you in battle .
Only behave yourself worthily of the gospel of Christ , so that whether coming and seeing you or being absent , I hear the things concerning you , that you stand fast in one spirit and one soul , striving together in the faith of the gospel ,
So you will speak to them this word : So says Jehovah , God of Israel , Every skin shall be filled with wine . And they shall say to you , Do we not know full well that every skin shall be filled with wine ?
And spoke to the house of Joseph , to Ephraim and to Manasseh , saying , You are a numerous people , and have great power ; you shall not have one lot ,
And Elisha died , and they buried him . And the bands of Moab came into the land , at the beginning of the year ;
Only , the women , and the little ones , and the livestock , and all in the city , all its plunder , you shall seize for yourself . And you shall eat the plunder of your enemies which Jehovah your God has given to you .
though indeed He did not leave Himself without witness , doing good , giving rain and fruitful seasons to us from heaven , filling our hearts with food and gladness .
Uriah the Hittite , Zabad the son of Ahlai ,

You divided the fountain and the torrent ; You dried up mighty rivers .
And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood and shall sprinkle seven times before the face of Jehovah , at the front of the veil .

But to those who rebuke , it is pleasant , and a good blessing comes to them .
But answering , He said , It has been written : " Man shall not live by bread alone , but by every word going out of the mouth of God . "

And , behold , a man , an aged one , came from his work from the field in the evening . And the man was from the hills of Ephraim ; and he was a sojourner in Gibeah . But the men of the place were sons of Benjamin .
When there is found among you , in one of your gates which Jehovah your God is giving to you , a man or woman who does that which is evil in the sight of Jehovah your God , in transgressing His covenant ,
I will wash my hands in innocency ; so I will go around Your altar , O Jehovah ,
Or does the eagle mount up at your mouth , and make his nest on high ?
then the man shall bring his wife in to the priest , and he shall bring in her offering for her , a tenth of an ephah of barley meal . He shall not pour oil on it , nor shall he put frankincense on it , for it is a food offering of jealousy , a food offering of memorial , bringing iniquity to remembrance .
And you shall observe this word for an ordinance for you , and for your sons forever .
And as He drew near to the gate of the city , even behold , one having died was being borne , an only son born to his mother ; and she was a widow . And a considerable crowd of the city was with her .
and it has been revealed to you , and you have heard , and searching have searched ; and , behold , it is true ; and the thing is confirmed , that this hateful thing has been done in Israel ,
And I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters . And they shall each one eat the flesh of his friend in the siege and distress with which their enemies and those who seek their life shall distress them .

And the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , Let us go at once to seek the favor of the face of Jehovah , and to seek Jehovah of hosts ; I will go also .
And the Philistines followed Saul and his sons . And the Philistines struck Jonathan , and Abinadab , and Malchishua , Saul's sons .
And the ship being seized , and not being able to beat against the wind , giving way we were borne along .
And you , son of man , take to yourself a sharp sword , the razor of a barber . Take it to yourself and make it pass over your head and over your beard . And take to yourself scales to weigh , and to divide them out .
But the centurion and those with him guarding Jesus , seeing the earthquake and the things taking place , they feared exceedingly , saying , Truly this One was Son of God .
And Jeshua , and Bani , and Sherebiah , Jamin , Akkub , Shabbethai , Hodijah , Maaseiah , Kelita , Azariah , Jozabad , Hanan , Pelaiah , and the Levites , caused the people to understand the Law . And the people were in their place .
And the Spirit lifted me up and brought me to the eastern gate of the house of Jehovah , the gate which faces eastward . And , behold , at the opening of the gate were twenty five men . And I saw among them Jaazaniah the son of Azzur , and Pelatiah , the son of Benaiah , leaders of the people .
You have not eaten bread , and you have not drunk wine or strong drink , so that you might know that I am Jehovah your God .
And so you shall do with his ass . and so you will do with his clothing , and so you shall do with everything lost of your brother's , which he has lost and you have found ; you may not hide it .
And they were continuing steadfastly in the doctrine of the apostles , and in fellowship , and in the breaking of bread , and in prayers .
No trouble shall happen to the just , but the wicked shall be filled with evil .
And I will shut up the Egyptians into the hand of cruel lords ; and a fierce king shall rule them , declares the Lord , Jehovah of Hosts .
And Pharaoh said to Joseph , Behold , I have set you over all the land of Egypt .
And a certain woman named Lydia , a seller of purple of the city of Thyatira , one reverencing God , listened , whose heart the Lord opened thoroughly to pay attention to the things being spoken by Paul .
I have heard a message from Jehovah , and a herald is sent to the nations : Gather together and come against her , and rise up to the battle .
And it happened when the vessels were full , she said to her son , Bring another vessel to me . And he said to her , There is no other vessel ; and the oil stopped .

Cast on Jehovah what He has given , and He will keep you ; He will not give the righteous to waver , forever .
Justice and righteousness are Your throne's foundation ; mercy and truth go before Your face .
And the angel said to them , Do not fear . For , behold , I announce good news to you , a great joy , which will be to all people ,
And he that gathers the ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes , and shall be unclean until the evening ; and it shall be to the sons of Israel , and to the stranger that lives among them , for a never ending statute .
Have we not authority to lead about a sister , a wife , as the rest of the apostles also , and Cephas , and the Lord's brothers do ?
And they drew near before Eleazar the priest , and before the son of Nun , and before the rulers , saying , Jehovah commanded Moses to give to us an inheritance among our brothers ; and at the mouth of Jehovah he gave to them an inheritance among their father's brothers .
And Jesus said to His disciples , Truly I say to you that a rich man will with great difficulty enter into the kingdom of Heaven .
these are those you may eat : the locusts according to its kind , and the bald locust according to its kind , and the long horned locust according to its kind , and the short horned grasshopper according to its kind .
and shall put on it all its vessels with which they minister around it , the firepans , the hooks , and the shovels , and the bowls , all the vessels of the altar . And they shall spread a covering of dugong skin on it , and shall put in its staves .
the sons of Bakbuk , the sons of Hakupha , the sons of Harhur ,

And Eleazar died . And he had no sons , but he had daughters . And their brothers , the sons of Kish , took them .
And He said to them , The Son of man is Lord of the sabbath also .
And it shall be , in the day you go out and cross the torrent Kidron , you shall certainly know that dying you shall die ; your blood shall be on your head .
And also I will pour out My Spirit on the slaves and on the slave girls in those days .
And Moses took the blood and sprinkled on the people , and said , Behold , the blood of the covenant which Jehovah has cut with you concerning these words .
And it shall be in the day of the sacrifice of Jehovah , I will punish the rulers and the king's sons , and all those clothed in foreign clothing .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
So says Jehovah , Where is the scroll of your mother's divorce whom I have put away ? Or who of My creditors that I have sold you to him ? Behold , you were sold for your iniquities , and your mother was put away for your trespasses .

And Eli answered and said , Go in peace , and may the God of Israel give you your petition which you have asked of Him .
And it happened , He went along through the grain fields in the sabbaths . And His disciples began to make way , plucking the heads of grain .
From the day that I brought My people out of the land of Egypt , I have not chosen a city out of any of the tribes of Israel to build a house for My name to be there , and I have not chosen a man to be leader over My people Israel .
Or I would have dealt falsely against my soul . For no matter is hidden from the king , and you , you yourself would have set against me .
To whom shall I speak and give warning that they may hear ? Behold , their ears are not circumcised , and they cannot listen . Behold , the word of Jehovah is a reproach to them . They have no delight in it .
beyond the Jordan in the valley opposite Bethpeor , in the land of Sihon the king of the Amorites , who lived at Heshbon , whom Moses and the sons of Israel struck when they came out of Egypt .
And seeing them , He said to them , Going , show yourselves to the priests . And it happened in their going they were cleansed .
A sound of battle is in the land and of great ruin .
And David put his hand into the pouch and took a stone from there . And he slung it and struck the Philistine in his forehead . And the stone sank into his forehead , and he fell on his face to the earth .
And David said to Saul , Let no man's heart fail because of him . Your servant will go and will fight with this Philistine .
of the sons of Solomon's servants , the sons of Sotai , the sons of Sophereth , the sons of Perida ,
I pour out my musing before Him ; I declare my distress before Him .
And the tribe of Benjamin ; the ruler of the sons of Benjamin being Abidan the son of Gideoni .
For I have laid on you the years of their iniquity , according to the number of days : three hundred and ninety days . And you shall bear the house of Israel's iniquity .
that this is a rebellious people , lying sons ; sons who are not willing to hear the law of Jehovah ;
Behold , the Lord , Jehovah of Hosts , shall lop the bough of terror ! And the lofty ones shall be cut down , and the proud shall be humbled .
And the glory of Jehovah dwelt on the mountain of Sinai . And the cloud covered it six days . And He called to Moses on the seventh day from the midst of the cloud .
For we are not able not to speak what we saw and heard .
And by Hushim , he had Abitub , and Elpaal .
They shall have this for their pride , because they have cursed and magnified themselves against the people of Jehovah of hosts .
On account of this all hands shall droop , and every heart of man shall melt ;
But you , when you pray , enter into your room and shutting your door , pray to your Father in secret . And your Father seeing in secret will repay you in the open .
And he made the altar of the burnt offering of acacia wood ; five cubits its length and five cubits its width , square ; and its height was three cubits .
His branches shall go out , and his beauty shall be like the olive tree , and his scent as Lebanon to Him .
The Word which He sent to the sons of Israel , preaching the gospel of peace through Jesus Christ , this One is Lord of all .
and Ahab the son of Omri did evil in the eyes of Jehovah above all who were before him .
Lift up a song , and the timbrel , the pleasing lyre with the harp .
Only , from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who caused Israel to sin , Jehu did not turn from following them , the calves of gold at Bethel , and in Dan .
And the tabernacle was taken down , and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari pulled up stakes , bearing the tabernacle .
Love has patience , is kind ; love is not envious ; love is not vain , is not puffed up ;
But by the Spirit of Jehovah I am full of power and justice and might , to declare to Jacob his transgression , and his sin to Israel .
In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia , a thing was revealed to Daniel , whose name was called Belteshazzar . And the thing was true , and a great conflict . And he understood the thing and had understanding of the vision .

If the world hates you , you know that it has hated Me before it has hated you .
And the Egyptians pursued them . And they overtook them camping by the sea , all the horses and the chariots of Pharaoh , and his horsemen , and his army , by Pihahiroth , before Baalzephon .
And they led the colt to Jesus . And they threw their garments on it , and He sat on it .

To the Chief Musician . A Psalm of David . Blessed is he who acts wisely toward the poor ; Jehovah will deliver him in the day of evil .

forbidding to marry , saying to abstain from foods , which God created for partaking with thanksgiving by the believers and those knowing the truth .
What more could have been done to My vineyard that I have not done in it ? Who knows ? I waited for it to yield grapes , but it yielded rotten grapes .
And the king said to her , What ails you ? And she said , This woman said to me , Give your son and we will eat him today ; and tomorrow we will eat my son .
And said , Open the mouth of the cave , and bring out to me these five kings from the cave .
Then I said , Lo , I come , in the roll of the Book it is written of Me ;
in order to buy the helpless with silver , and the poor for a pair of sandals , and sell the chaff of the wheat ?

And after them , out of all the tribes of Israel , those who gave their heart to seek Jehovah the God of Israel , came to Jerusalem to sacrifice to Jehovah , the God of their fathers .
For before the boy shall know to refuse the evil and choose the good , the land that you hate will be forsaken before both her kings .

If not , you listen to me ; be silent , and I will teach you wisdom .
And Jehovah said to him , If anyone kills Cain , he shall be avenged sevenfold . And Jehovah set a mark on Cain , so that anyone who found him should not kill him .

And there will be signs in the sun and moon and stars . And on the earth will be anxiety of nations with bewilderment , roaring of sea and of surf ,
Yea , you did not hear ; yea , you did not know ; yea , from then your ear was not opened ; for I know you surely will betray and trespass , from the womb it was called to you .
And he built the Most Holy Place its length was by the front , of the breadth of the house , twenty cubits , and its breadth twenty cubits ; and he covered it with fine gold , to six hundred talents ;
I will scatter them like an east wind before the enemy ; I will show them the back , and not the face in the day of their calamity .
Make your foot rare from your neighbor's house , lest he be full of you and hate you .
And he made stand priests for himself for the high places , and for goats , and for the calves that he made .
And I will set his hand in the sea , and his right hand in the rivers .
And they will bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it .
For whoever may have , more will be given to him ; and the one who does not have , even what he has will be taken from him .
But as they continued questioning Him , bending back up , He said to them , The one among you without sin , let him cast the first stone at her .
We will make you ornaments of gold with studs of silver .
Behold , I will send for many fishermen , says Jehovah . And they shall fish them . And after this I will send for many hunters , and they will hunt them , from every mountain and from every hill , and out of the clefts of the rocks .

And know today that Jehovah your God is He who passes over before you as a consuming fire ; He will destroy them , and He will bring them down before you ; so you shall drive them out and make them to perish quickly , as Jehovah has spoken to you .
And king Ahaz commanded Urijah the priest , saying , On the great altar offer the burnt offering of the morning , and the evening food offering , and the king's burnt offering and his food offering with the burnt offering of all the people of the land , and their food offering , and their drink offerings ; and sprinkle on it all the blood of the burnt offering , and all the blood of the sacrifice ; but the bronze altar shall be for me to inquire by .
And often punishing them through all the synagogues , I compelled them to blaspheme . And being exceedingly furious against them , I even persecuted as far as the outside cities .
And the screen of the opening of the court was an embroiderer's work , blue and purple and crimson , and bleached twined linen , and twenty cubits long , and the height was five cubits in width ; the curtains of the court joining .
My lord , hear me ; the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver ; what is that between me and you ? And bury your dead .
for to this we also labor and are reproached , because we hope on the living God , who is deliverer of all men , especially of believers .
Jehovah knows the days of the upright , and their inheritance shall be forever .
Until when shall I set counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? Until when shall my enemy be lifted up over me ?
Be not among heavy drinkers of wine , with flesh gluttons to themselves ,
He who is despised , and has a servant , is better than one honoring himself and lacking bread .
If you are able , answer me ; set yourself in order before me . Stand up !
not giving back evil for evil , or reviling against reviling ; but , on the contrary , give blessing ; knowing that you were called to this in order that you might inherit blessing .
And the sons of Seir : Lotan , and Shobal , and Zibeon , and Anah , and Dishon , and Ezer , and Dishan .
Because of Your word , and according to Your heart , You have done all this greatness to make Your servant know .
Then you ought to have put my silver to the bankers , and coming I would have received my own with interest .
Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred by five hundred cubits , square all around , and fifty cubits of open space shall be all around .
I have declared all the judgments of Your mouth with my lips ;
For this , evil shall come on you ; you shall not know its origin . And mischief shall fall on you ; you shall not be able to cover it . And ruin shall come on you suddenly , you shall not know .
And you , because you have warned the wicked , and he does not turn from his wickedness or from his way , he , the wicked , shall die in his iniquity . But you have delivered your soul .
they rewarded me evil for good , bereaving my soul .

For alike are morning and the shadow of death to them ; for he knows the terrors of death shadow .
And Leah said , God has given me a good present . This time my husband will live with me , because I have borne six sons to him . And she called his name Zebulun .
for prophecy was not at any time borne by the will of man , but having been borne along by the Holy Spirit , holy men of God spoke .
Then Jerusalem and all Judea went out to him , and all the neighborhood of the Jordan ,
its rooms , its posts , and its porches . And windows were to it all around . It was fifty cubits long and twenty five cubits wide .
And they cut a covenant in Beersheba . And Abimelech and Phicol , the general of his army , rose up ; and they returned to the land of the Philistines .

Those who sanctify themselves , and purify themselves to the gardens , each one in the midst , eaters of swine's flesh , and the hateful thing , and the mouse , these are cut off together , says Jehovah .
For He knows the vanity of men ; and He sees deceit , and will He not consider ?
And Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to Jehovah ,
because of the slanderer's voice and the blasphemer , before the face of the enemy and avenger .
Be glad in Jehovah and rejoice , you righteous ones ; and all the upright in heart , shout for joy .

having a form of godliness , but denying the power of it ; even turn away from these .
those who make a man sin by a word , even laying a trap for the reprover in the gate , and turn aside the just for a worthless thing .
and knowing the grace given to me , James and Cephas and John , those seeming to be pillars , gave right hands of fellowship to Barnabas and to me , that we go to the nations , but they to the circumcision ;
Jesus said to them , Destroy this sanctuary , and in three days I will raise it up .
And you shall be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised and shall lie with the slain by the sword .
The sun and moon stood still in their dwelling . At the light of Your arrows they go , at the shining of Your gleaming spear .
And coming , they begged them . And bringing them out , they asked them to go out of the city .
For the day is near , even the day of Jehovah is near , a day of clouds ; it shall be the time of the nations .
And the idols shall completely vanish .
And Moses went out and spoke these words to all Israel .
Yea , for Your sake we are slain all the day long ; we are counted as sheep of slaughter .
And when they brought out the silver brought into the house of Jehovah , Hilkiah the priest found the Book of the Law of Jehovah by the hand of Moses .
For He is bringing the matter to an end , and having been cut short " in righteousness , " " because the Lord " " will do a thing cut short " " on the earth . "


Behold , fire has come down from the heavens and has consumed the two commanders of the former fifties and their fifties . And now let my life be precious in your eyes .
A good name is to be chosen rather than great riches ; rather than silver or gold , favor is better .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
The sons of Levi were Gershon , Kohath , and Merari .

For He is our peace , He making us both one , and breaking down the middle wall of partition ,
And the Spirit of Jehovah came mightily on him . And he tore it as the cleaving of a kid . And there was nothing in his hand ; and he did not tell his father and his mother what he had done .
You know that the Passover is coming after two days , and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified .
they have quickly turned off from the way which I commanded them ; they have made for themselves a casted calf and have bowed to it , and have sacrificed to it . And they have said , These are your gods , O Israel , who made you go up from the land of Egypt .

For on this day he shall atone for you , to cleanse you from all your sins you shall be clean before Jehovah .
And calling near the crowd with His disciples , He said to them , Whoever desires to come after Me , let him deny himself and take his cross , and let him follow Me .
But Zadok the priest , and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and Nathan the prophet , and Shimei , and Rei , and the mighty men who were to David , were not with Adonijah .
Perhaps their pleading will fall before Jehovah , and each man will turn from his evil way . For great is the anger and the wrath that Jehovah has spoken against this people .
Beat your plowshares into swords , and your pruning hooks into spears . Let the weak say , I am strong .
They answered and said to him , Are you also from Galilee ? Search and see that a prophet has not been raised out of Galilee .

Mercy and truth will not forsake you ; tie them on your neck ; write them on the tablet of your heart ;
And spending some time , he went out , in order passing through the Galatian and Phrygian country , making strong all the disciples .
And it happened afterward , in the days of wheat harvest , that Samson visited his wife with a kid of the goats . And he said , I will go in to my wife , to the inner room . And her father would not allow him to go in .

Also they reported his good deeds before me , and my words were going to him . Tobiah sent letters to make me afraid .
For he shall not much remember the days of his life , because God answers him in the joy of his heart .
And again a voice came to him a second time , What things God made clean , you do not make common .

Remember , I beseech You , that You have formed me as clay ; and will You bring me to dust again ?
and brought his head on a platter and gave it to the girl . And the girl gave it to her mother .
You shall carry much seed out to the field , and you shall gather in little ; for the locusts will devour it .
And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord . Then they asked him to remain some days .
Then Ehud went out to the porch , and shut the doors of the roof room on him , and locked them .
And I will set a fire in Egypt ; Sin shall greatly anguish , and Thebes shall be broken through , and Noph shall have daily woes .
Because of this I make known to you that no one speaking by the Spirit of God says , Jesus is a curse . And no one is able to say Jesus is Lord , except by the Holy Spirit .
Cut off the sower from Babylon , and the one handling the sickle in the time of harvest . They shall turn from a sword of the oppressor , each one to his people . And they shall flee , each one to his own land .
Halhul , Beth-zur , and Gedor ,

Who has meted out the Spirit of Jehovah , or a man His counsel taught Him ?
And Rachel died and was buried on the way to Ephrath , it is Bethlehem .
And for the gate of the court , a screen of twenty cubits , blue and purple and crimson , and twined linen . the work of an sockets four .

Or if a soul touches any unclean thing , or the unclean dead body of an animal , or the unclean dead body of livestock , or the dead body of unclean swarming things , it being hidden from him that he is unclean and is guilty ,

And you shall make bars of acacia wood , five to the boards of the one side of the tabernacle ;
It is not a great thing , then , if also his ministers transform themselves as ministers of righteousness , whose end will be according to their works .
And God said , let Us make man in Our image , according to Our likeness ; and let them rule over the fish of the sea , and over the birds of the heavens , and over the cattle , and over all the earth , and over all the creepers creeping on the earth .
Through God we shall do mighty things ; for He shall tread on our foes .
And you shall keep alive for yourselves all the female children who have not known a man by lying with a male .
if indeed you continue in the faith grounded and settled and not being moved away from the hope of the gospel which you heard proclaimed in all the creation under Heaven , of which I , Paul , became a minister .
And it happened after they left , they came up out of the well and went and told king David . And they said to David , Rise up and quickly pass over the waters , for Ahithophel has counseled this against you .
And God said , Let the waters swarm with swarmers having a soul of life ; and let the birds fly over the earth , on the face of the expanse of the heavens .
and Mattithiah , and Elipheleh , and Mikneiah , and Obed-edom , and Jeiel , and Azaziah with lyres on the octave , to oversee .
Then the Jews said to Him , You do not yet have fifty years , and have you seen Abraham ?
And the rest of the trees of the forest shall be few , so that a boy might write them .
And eagerly aspiring to be quiet , and to do your own things , and to work with your own hands , as we enjoined you ,
Pe . Your testimonies are wonderful ; so my soul keeps them .
And this is the confidence we have toward Him , that if we ask anything according to His will , He hears us .

he sons of Jericho , three hundred and forty five .
For as many promises as are of God , in Him they are yes , and in Him are Amen , for glory to God through us .
A wind more full than these shall come for Me . Now I also will utter judgments against them .
And they said , Cornelius , a centurion , a just man and one fearing God , and being testified to by all the nation of the Jews , was divinely warned by a holy angel to call you to his house and to hear words from you .
Guard the good Deposit given through the Holy Spirit indwelling in us .
And while they were staying in Galilee , Jesus said to them , The Son of man is about to be delivered into the hands of men .
and an ephah for a bull and an ephah for a ram he shall prepare as a food offering ; and for the lambs as his hand can reach ; and a hin of oil to an ephah .
So you shall say to the prophet , What has Jehovah answered you ? And what has Jehovah spoken ?
And he shall cleave it with its wings , not dividing it , and the priest shall burn it as incense on the altar , on the wood which is on the fire ; a burnt offering ; it is a fire offering of soothing fragrance to Jehovah .
And David said to Achish , By this you shall know that which your servant will do . And Achish said to David , Then I appoint you keeper of my head all the days .
so that in all the praetorium , and to all the rest , my bonds have become clearly revealed to be in Christ .

O Jehovah , correct me , only with judgment , not in Your anger , that You do not bring me to nothing .
And you shall fully surround the king , each with his weapons in his hand . And he that comes within the ranks shall be put to death . And they shall be with the king as he goes in and comes out .
Rejoice in the Lord always . Again I say , Rejoice !
And Eliakim , Hilkiah's son who was over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and Asaph's son Joah , the recorder , came to Hezekiah with their garments torn . And they reported to him the words of the chief of cupbearers .
And Saul went on this side of the mountain , and David and his men on that side of the mountain . And David was hurrying to go away from the face of Saul . And Saul and his men were encircling David and his men , to catch them .
For My people are foolish . They do not know Me . They are stupid children , and they have no understanding . They are wise to do evil , but they do not know to do good .
and His signs , and His works which He did in the midst of Egypt to Pharaoh the king of Egypt , and to all his land ;
And the border went up to Beth-hoglah , and passed on the north of Beth-arabah ; and the border went up to the stone of Bohan , the son of Reuben ;
and Ahio , Shashak , and Jeremoth ,
Turn away from you the crooked mouth , and put perverse lips far from you .
And we have known and have believed the love which God has in us . God is love , and the one abiding in love abides in God , and God in him .
He then asked from them the hour in which he had gotten better . And they said to him , Yesterday , at the seventh hour , the fever left him .
And he overlaid it with pure gold ; and he made for it a wreath of gold all around .

And do you seek great things for yourself ? Do not seek them . For , behold , I will bring evil on all flesh , declares Jehovah . But I will give your soul to you for a prize , there on all the places where you go .
And the sun rising , it was scorched ; and because of having no root , it was dried up .


You shall burn a third part in the fire , in the midst of the city , when the days of the siege are fulfilled . And you shall take the third part and beat with a sword all around it . And you shall scatter the third part into the wind , and I will draw out a sword after them .
And he fell on his face at His feet , thanking Him . And he was a Samaritan .
But Jesus said to them , Do you not see all these things ? Truly I say to you , There will not at all be left one stone on a stone which in no way will not be thrown down .
Ashkelon shall see and fear ; Gaza also shall writhe in great pain ; and Ekron shall be ashamed for her hope . And the king shall perish from Gaza , and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited .
And if a man has no kinsman to whom the guilt may be restored , the guilt which is restored shall be Jehovah's , a priest's , besides the ram of the atonement by which he makes atonement for him .

And Simon Peter and another disciple followed Jesus , and that disciple was known to the high priest and entered together with Jesus into the court of the high priest ,
Have you heard the secret counsel of God ? And do you limit wisdom to yourself ?
When I lie down , I say , When shall I rise up ? But the night is long , and I am full of tossings , until the twilight of the dawn .
both the homeborn among the sons of Israel , and the alien that lives among them ; one law shall be to you for him who acts in error .

And the width of the court for the east side eastward fifty cubits ;
And the whole vision to you is like the words of a sealed hook which they give to one knowing books , saying , Please read this . Then he says , I am not able , for it is sealed .
So righteousness leads to life , but one pursuing evil , to his death .
But it shall be in the end of the days , the mountain of the house of Jehovah shall be established on the top of the mountains ; and it shall be lifted up from the hills ; and peoples shall flow on it .
And they shall sprout as among grass , as willows by streams of water .
Alexander the coppersmith demonstrated many evil things to me . The Lord " will give back to him according to his works . "
even the tents of Edom , and of the Ishmaelites ; Moab and the Hagarites ;
And it happened , as God helped the Levites carrying the ark of the covenant of Jehovah , they sacrificed seven bullocks and seven rams .
But if Christ is proclaimed , that He was raised from the dead , how do some among you say that there is not a resurrection of the dead ?
So then , we should not sleep , as the rest also do , but we should watch and be sober .
And those that encamp next to him shall be the tribe of Simeon ; the ruler of the sons of Simeon being Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai .
And those who come of you shall build the old ruins ; you shall rear the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called , The repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to live in .
Pilate answered , What I have written , I have written .

how he entered the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest , and ate the Loaves of Arrangement , which it is not lawful to eat , except for the priests , and he even gave to those being with him ?
Jehovah of hosts is with us ; the God of Jacob is a refuge for us . Selah .
And there were among them of the sons of Judah , Daniel , Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah ,
And Jesus withdrew to the sea with His disciples ; and a great multitude from Galilee and from Judea followed Him ,
And in the twentieth year of Jeroboam the king of Israel Asa reigned over Judah .
Hanani came , one of my brothers , he and men of Judah . And I asked them about the Jews who had escaped , who were left of the captivity , and about Jerusalem .
Give wise and understanding men , and those known to your tribes , and I will appoint them rulers over you .
Then the secret was revealed to in a night vision , and blessed the God of Heaven .
And a messenger came to David , saying , The hearts of the men of Israel have gone after Absalom .
O God of our salvation , turn us , and break up Your anger with us .
And Ananias went away and entered into the house . And putting hands on him he said , Brother Saul , the Lord has sent me , Jesus , the One who appeared to you in the highway on which you came , that you may see and be filled of the Holy Spirit .
A Song of Ascents , of David . Except that it was Jehovah who was for us , O may Israel say ;

And Hiram sent to Solomon , saying , I have heard that for which you have sent to me . I will do all your will as to cedar wood and fir wood .
This now is the three times that Jesus was revealed to His disciples , He being raised from the dead .
But having come , one reported to them , saying , Behold , the men whom you put in the prison are in the temple , standing and teaching the people .
And the sons of Israel did so , and put them outside the camp . As Jehovah spoke to Moses , so the sons of Israel did .
And Pharaoh said , Go up and bury your father , as he made you swear .
This is the one who was in the congregation in the wilderness with the Angel who spoke to him in Mount Sinai , and with our fathers , who received living words to give to us ,
And they stripped him , and carried his head and his weapons , and sent into the land of the Philistines all around to proclaim the news to their idols and the people .
So says Jehovah of hosts , The sons of Israel and the sons of Judah are oppressed together . Yea , all who captured them held them fast , they refused to let them go .
Therefore , since it remains for some to enter into it , and those who formerly had the gospel preached did not enter in on account of disobedience ,

And you shall take one ram , and Aaron and his sons shall lay their hands on the head of the ram .
And Jehovah your God will put all these curses on your enemies , and on those that hate you , who have persecuted you .
And they shall be on Aaron and on his sons in their going into he tabernacle of the congregation , or in their drawing near to the altar to minister in the sanctuary , and so that they shall not raise up iniquity and die . It is a never ending statute to him and to his seed after him .
And also , I have given you that which you have not asked , both riches and honor , that there shall not be a man like you among the kings all your days .
And the word of Jehovah was by the prophet , saying ,
And He asked him , What is your name ? And he answered , saying , My name is Legion , because we are many .
And you say , What does God know ? Can He judge through the dark cloud ?
And they put up over His head His charge , it having been written : THIS IS JESUS , THE KING OF THE JEWS .
And because of this , the wisdom of God said , I will send prophets and apostles to them , and they will kill and drive out some of them ,

Shall I bring to the birth , and not cause to bring forth ? says Jehovah . Surely I cause birth , and hold back , says your God .
And finding a ship crossing over to Phoenice , going on board we set sail :
For there will be great affliction , such as has not happened from the beginning of the world until now , no , nor ever will be .
to whom be the glory forever and ever . Amen .

Those who erred in spirit shall come to understanding , and those who murmured shall learn the teaching .
I have known , declares Jehovah , his wrath , and it is not so ; his boast , they have not done so .
And great joy was in that city .
If anyone thinks to be a prophet , or a spiritual one , let him recognize the things I write to you , that they are a command of the Lord .
Before the mountains were settled , before the hills , I was brought forth ;
For as you go with your adversary to a judge , give pains in the way to be set free from him , that he not drag you to the judge , and the judge deliver you to the officer , and the officer throw you into prison .
The word that came to from Jehovah , saying ,
The steps of a man are ordered from Jehovah , and He will delight in his way .
When there is famine in the land ; when there is pestilence , blasting , mildew , locusts ; when there is the stripping locust ; when its enemy has distressed it in the land in its gates ; any plague , any sickness ,
The Spirit of Jehovah has spoken by me , and His Word is on my tongue .
But we know this one , from where he is . But when the Christ comes , no one knows from where He is .
For in that day each shall despise his silver idols and his golden idols , which your hands have made for you ; a sin .
You who boast in Law , do you dishonor God through transgression of the Law ?
They move the landmarks ; they seize and pasture flocks ;

And these are the singers , heads of fathers to the Levites in the chambers ; they were free for they were employed day and night in the work .
then Jehovah will make your plagues remarkable , and the plagues of your children shall be great and persistent plagues with evil and long lasting sicknesses .


However , men from Asher , and Manasseh , and from Zebulun were humbled , and came to Jerusalem .
For He is not a man , as I am , that I should answer Him ; that we should come together in judgment ;
And Reuben heard , and he delivered him from their hands , and said , Let us not smite his soul .
Hypocrites ! Well did Isaiah prophesy concerning you , saying :
For in Christ Jesus , neither circumcision nor uncircumcision has any strength , but faith working through love .
In My Father's house are many dwelling places . But if it were not so , I would have told you . I am going to prepare a place for you !
The priests repaired from above the Horse Gate , each before his house .


Some , indeed , even proclaim Christ because of envy and strife , but some also because of good will .
And the woman whose son was the living one said to the king ( for her womb yearned over her son ) yea , she said , O my lord , give her the living child , and do not at all put it to death . And this one said , Let it be neither yours or mine , divide it .
I called on Your name , O Jehovah , from the lowest pit .
and laid them at the feet of the apostles . And it was distributed to each according as any had need .
and the avenger of blood finds him outside the border of the city of his refuge , and the avenger of blood kills the manslayer , there shall be no blood guiltiness to him ,
And whenever the thousand years are ended , Satan will be set loose out of his prison ,
Did not Satan marvelously transform himself into an angel of light ?
And they shall mar the land of Assyria with the sword , and the land of Nimrod at her entrances . And He shall deliver us from Assyria , when he comes into our land , and when he treads within our border .
But not even Titus , the one with me , a Greek , was compelled to be circumcised .
And if the way is too long for you , so that you cannot carry it , because the place is too far from you which Jehovah your God shall choose to set His name there , when Jehovah your God shall bless you ;
So says the Lord Jehovah : Because the enemy has spoken against you , saying , Aha ! Everlasting heights have become a possession to us .

but that the Holy Spirit testifies city by city saying that bonds and afflictions await me .
In their heat , I will make their feasts , and I will make them drunk so that they rejoice and sleep a never ending sleep and never awaken , says Jehovah .
And Bezaleel the son of Uri , the son of Hur , of the tribe of Judah , made all that Jehovah commanded Moses .
and the kite , and the falcon , according to its kind ;

And you drew near and stood below the mountain , and the mountain burned with fire to the heart of the heavens , darkness , cloud and thick gloom .
a field being his , selling it , he bore the proceeds and placed them at the feet of the apostles .
And you , be fruitful and multiply . Swarm over the earth and multiply in it .
And the hope does not put us to shame , because the love of God has been poured out in our hearts through the Holy Spirit given to us ;
And all Israel went down to the Philistines , each man to sharpen his plowshare , and his mattock , and his axe , and his plowshare .
" This people draws near to Me with their mouth , and with their lips honor Me ; but their heart is far from Me .
And their brothers who did the work of the house were eight hundred and twenty two . And Adaiah the son of Jeroham , the son of Pelaliah , the son of Amzi , the son of Zechariah , the son of Pashur , the son of Malchiah ,
About which salvation the prophets sought out and searched out , prophesying concerning the grace for you ,
And now , O people of Jerusalem and men of Judah , I ask you , judge between Me and My vineyard .
knowing this , that law is not laid down for a righteous one , but for lawless and undisciplined ones , for ungodly and sinful ones , for unholy and profane ones , for slayers of fathers and slayers of mothers , for murderers ,
And on the morrow , which is after the Preparation , the chief priests and the Pharisees were assembled to Pilate ,

Because of this , I say to you , Do not be anxious for your soul , what you eat and what you drink , nor for your body , what you put on . Is not the soul more than the food and the body than the clothing ?
And the angel has taken the censer , and has filled it from the fire of the altar , and cast it into the earth ; and sounds and thunders and lightnings and earthquakes occurred .
And they captured the women in it , from the small even to the great ; they did not kill anyone , but they led them away , and went on their way .
to the only wise God , our Savior , be glory and majesty and might and authority , even now and forever . Amen .
And the armies in Heaven followed Him on white horses , being dressed in fine linen , white and pure .
So is the way of an adulterous woman : She eats , and wipes her mouth , and says , I have done no evil .
But if a revelation is revealed to another sitting by , let the first be silent .
And the omer was the tenth of an ephah .
the son of Elkanah , the son of Jeroham , the son of Eliel , the son of Toah ,

For with the heart one believes unto righteousness , and with the mouth one confesses unto salvation .
In the seventh day , when the heart of the king was merry with wine , he said to Mehuman , Biztha , Harbona , Bigtha , and Abagtha , Zethar , and Carcas , the seven eunuchs who served before the face of Ahasuerus the king ,
For among My people are found wicked ones . They lie in wait , as one who sets snares . They set a trap , they catch men .
And the documents were sent by the runners into all the king's provinces , to destroy , to kill , and to cause to perish , all Jews , both young and old , little children and women , in one day , on the thirteenth of the twelfth month , which is the month Adar , and to take what they owned for a prize .
My soul also is greatly troubled and You , O Jehovah , until when ?
The sons of Japheth : Gomer , and Magog , and Madai , and Javan , and Tubal , and Meshech , and Tiras .

He performed mightily with His arm ; He scattered proud ones in the thought of their heart .
And he made all he vessels of the altar , the pots and the shovels and the sacrificial bowls , the fleshhooks and the fire-pans . He made all its vessels of bronze .
His hope shall be rooted out of his tent , and you marched to the king of terrors .
But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night , in which the heavens will pass away with rushing sound , and having burned the elements will be dissolved , and earth and the works in it will be burned up .
The tenth for the tenth month was Maharai of Netophah , of the Zerahites ; and In his division were twenty four thousand .
Than whom are you more lovely ? Go down and be laid with the uncircumcised .
And the king said to Abiathar the priest , Go to Anathoth , to your fields . For you are deserving of death . But I will not at this time put you to death , because you have borne the ark of the Lord Jehovah before my father David , and because you were afflicted in all the things with which my father was afflicted .
And he made the porch of the pillars , its length fifty cubits , and its breadth thirty cubits . And the porch was before them ; and the pillars and the roof were over them .
They went on the four of their sides in their going , they did not turn in their going .
And she said , let Abishag the Shunammite be given to your brother Adonijah for a wife .

for Your eyes are open toward this house night and day , toward the place of which You have said , My name shall be there ; to listen to the prayer which Your servant prays toward this place .
Hear now what Jehovah says : Rise up , contend with the mountains , and let the hills hear your voice .
Do not go astray , my beloved brothers ,
Samech . I hate the halfhearted ; but I love Your law .
And the king said to Joab , Behold , now , I have done this thing . Then go , bring back the young man Absalom .


and said , Far be it from me , O Jehovah , to do this ; is it not the blood of the men who went with their lives ? And he was not willing to drink it . The three mighty ones did these things .
And answering , the angel said to him , I am Gabriel , who stands before God , and I was sent to speak to you and to announce to you the good news of these things .
And at the turn of the year , king Nebuchadnezzar sent and brought him to Babylon , with the valuable vessels of the house of Jehovah , and made his kinsman Zedekiah king over Judah and Jerusalem .
And Samuel called the people to Jehovah , to Mizpah .
And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough , and our offerings , and the fruit of all kinds of trees , of wine , and of oil , to the priests , to the rooms of the house of our God ; and the tithes of our ground to the Levites ; and they , the Levites , might have the tithes in all the cities we worked .
Make the archers hear against Babylon . All you who tread a bow camp against it all around . Let none of them escape . Repay her according to her work , according to all that she has done , do to her . For she has been proud against Jehovah , against the Holy One of Israel .
And the glorious beauty which is on the head of the fat valley shall be a fading flower , like the first ripe fig before summer which the seeing one sees ; while it is yet in his hand , he swallows it .
Who will not fear You , Lord , and glorify Your name ? For You only are holy . For all the nations will come and will worship before You , because Your righteousnesses were made known .
And He did not answer him , not even to one word , so that the governor greatly marveled .

And I said to you , I am Jehovah your God . You shall not fear the gods of the Amorite among whom you are dwelling in their land . But you have not listened to My voice .
The paths of their way bend ; they go to nothing , and are lost .
for do not let that man suppose that he will receive anything from the Lord ;
the one once worthless to you , but now useful to you and to me ; whom I sent back to you .
And Abner returned to Hebron . And Joab turned him aside into the middle of the gate , to speak with him privately . And he struck him in the belly there , and he died , because of the blood of his brother Asahel .
And he took up his parable and said , Alas ! Who shall live when God puts out ?
Blessed is the man listening to me , watching daily at my gates , waiting at the posts of my doors .
And Jehovah appeared to him and said , Do not go down into Egypt ; stay in the land which I shall say to you .
And they came in across from Gibeah , ten thousand chosen men out of all Israel . And the battle was heavy . And they did not know that evil was striking against them .
And let it become dust on all the land of Egypt , and let it become an inflammation breaking out into a boil on man and on livestock in all the land of Egypt .
Azareel the son of Jeroham was over Dan . These were the leaders of the tribes of Israel .
And God spoke to Noah , and to his sons with him , saying ,
And all the sons of Israel were watching , when the fire came down , and the glory of Jehovah was on the house and they bowed their noses to the earth , on the pavement , and worshiped , and gave thanks to Jehovah : for He is good , for His mercy endures forever .
And the wrath of Jehovah is on Judah and Jerusalem , and He has given them for a trembling , for a horror , and for hissing , as you see with your eyes .
And Naaman said , Be pleased , take two talents . And he forced these on him , and bound two talents of silver and two purses , and two changes of garments , and gave to two of his young men , and they carried before him .
Even as I also please all in all things , not seeking my own advantage , but that of the many , that they may be saved .
then I said , Now the Philistines will come down to me to Gilgal , and I have not sweetened the face of Jehovah ; and I forced myself , and offered a burnt offering .
Then conferring with the sanhedrin , Festus answered , You have appealed to Caesar ; you shall go before Caesar .
from Melicu was Jonathan ; from Shebaniah was Joseph ;
So you shall no longer devour men , and you shall not make your nations fall any more , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And the sun rising , it was scorched . And through not having root , it was dried out .

and you shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation for seven days , until the days of your consecration are fulfilled . For He shall consecrate you seven days ;
So says Jehovah , Do not deceive yourselves , saying , The Chaldeans will surely leave us , for they shall not leave .
They lodge naked ones without clothing , and give no cover against the cold .
And Jonathan called David , and Jonathan told him all these words . And Jonathan brought David to Saul , and he was before him as yesterday and the day before .
The sons of Gad according to their families : of Zephon , the family of the Zephonites ; of Haggi , the family of the Haggites ; of Shuni , the family of the Shunites ;

In the first month , it is the month Nisan , in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus , they made fall Pur , that is , the lot , before Haman day by day , and from month to month , to the twelfth month , the month Adar .
said , What will you give to me , and I will deliver Him up to you ? " And they weighed to him thirty silver pieces . "

And it happened in the days that the judges judged , there was a famine in the land . And a man from Bethlehem-judah went to live in the fields of Moab , he and his wife , and his two sons .
Jehovah of Hosts has sworn in my ears , If not , many houses shall be a waste , big and beautiful ones without inhabitant .
for a word came to me by the word of Jehovah , You shall not eat bread nor drink water there you shall not turn back to go in the way in which you came .
If he shall sanctify his field from the year of jubilee , it shall stand according to your valuation .
And it happened at the turn of the year , at the time when kings go out , David sent Joab and his servants with him , and all Israel . And they destroyed the sons of Ammon , and lay siege to Rabbah . But David remained at Jerusalem .
And behold ! I am about to harden the heart of the Egyptians . And they will go after them . And I will be honored through Pharaoh and through his armies , through his chariots , and through his horsemen .
Be well intentioned toward your opponent quickly , while you are in the way with him , that the opponent not deliver you to the judge , and the judge deliver you to the officer , and you be thrown into prison .
For my heart was in a ferment , and I was pierced in my reins .
And the famine was on the face of all the land . And Joseph opened all which was in them , and sold to the Egyptians . And the famine was strong in the land of Egypt .
And sending , Joseph called his father Jacob and all his kindred , " seventy five " " souls " " in all " .
These were the sons of Esau , and these their chiefs ; he is Edom .
In that day I will gather the lame , declares Jehovah , and I will gather the banished , and the one I have afflicted .
And let them know Your name is Jehovah , that You alone are the Most High over all the earth .
And Abel brought , he also , from the firstlings of his flocks , even from their fat . And Jehovah looked to Abel and to his offering .
The one having ears to hear , let him hear .
For it has been written , " I will destroy the wisdom of the wise , and I will set aside the understanding of the understanding ones . "
So we stayed in the valley across from Bethpeor .
And watching carefully , they sent spies , pretending themselves to be righteous , in order that they might seize upon a word of His , so as to deliver Him to the power and to the authority of the governor .
And the decree of confirmed these matters of Purim . And it was written in the book .
He . O Jehovah , teach me the way of Your statutes , and I will keep it to the end .

Nun . Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path .
And the small and the great , and the rich and the poor , and the freemen and the slaves , it causes that they give to them all a mark on their right hand , or on their foreheads ,
If you yourself do not know , most beautiful among women , go in the footsteps of the flock . And feed your kids beside the tents of the shepherds .
And having plaited a wreath out of thorns , the soldiers put it on His head . And they threw a purple mantle around Him ,
The glory of this latter house shall be greater than that of the former , says Jehovah of hosts . And in this place I will give peace , says Jehovah of hosts .
He shall see the fruit of the travail of His soul ; He shall be fully satisfied . By His knowledge shall My righteous Servant justify for many , and He shall bear their iniquities .
And I have seen and have witnessed that this One is the Son of God .
If I walk in the midst of distress , You give me life ; You send out Your hand against the wrath of my enemies , and Your right hand delivers me .
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father or the nakedness of your mother ; she is your mother ; you shall not uncover her nakedness .

And Solomon had seventy thousand bearing burdens , and eighty thousand hewing in the mountain ;
Where shall we go up ? Our brothers have melted our hearts , saying , We have seen there a people greater and taller than we , cities great and walled up to the heavens , and also the sons of Anak .
And when he stands up his kingdom shall be broken and shall be divided to the four winds of the heavens , and not to his posterity , nor according to his authority with which he ruled . For his kingdom shall be pulled up and given to others besides these .
But as to the bronze altar that was before Jehovah , he brought near from the forefront of the house , from between his altar and the house of Jehovah , and put it on the north side of his altar .
Then Jesus said to them , You all will be offended in Me during this night . For it has been written , " I will smite the Shepherd , and the sheep of the flock will be scattered . "
to crush all the prisoners of earth under His feet ,
the son of Amminadab , the son of Aram , the son of Hezron , the son of Pharez , the son of Judah ,
The whole number of the heads of the fathers of the mighty men was two thousand , six hundred .

And next was Shammah the son of Agee the Hararite . And the Philistines had gathered into a company , and there was a piece of ground full of lentils , and the people had fled before the Philistines .
And Jehovah came down in the cloud and spoke to him , and took of the spirit which was on him , and put it on the seventy men of the elders . And it happened , as the spirit rested on them , that they prophesied , but they did not continue .

the fire-pans of these sinners against their own souls . And they shall make of them spreadout plates , a covering for the altar , for they have brought them near before Jehovah , and they are holy . And they shall become a sign to the sons of Israel .
And there was a sign set to the men of Israel with the ambush , to make it great , their causing a rising of smoke to go up from the city .

And Joab rose up and went to Geshur , and brought Absalom to Jerusalem .
And they told David , and he sent to meet them ; for the men were greatly ashamed . And the king said , Remain in Jericho until your beard grows ; then you shall return .
A fullness of grain shall be in the earth on top of the mountains ; its fruit shall shake like Lebanon ; and they of the city shall flourish like the grass of the earth .
And you shall destroy all the peoples whom Jehovah your God is giving to you . And your eye shall have no pity on them ; and you shall not serve their gods ; for it shall be a snare to you .
And you , if you walk before me as your father David walked , in singleness of heart , and in uprightness , to do according to all that I have commanded you ; you shall keep My statutes and My judgments ;
And he having spoken this , there was a discord between the Pharisees and the Sadducees ; and the multitude was divided .
And the way before them looked like the rooms which were northward , as their length , so their width . And all their exits were as their patterns and as their doors .

And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
the son of Zerahiah , the son of Uzzi , the son of Bukki ,
Dread and a pit is ours , devastation and ruin .
They take shrewd counsel against Your people ; they plot against Your hidden ones .
And you shall observe the unleavened bread for on this very day I brought out your armies from the land of Egypt . And you shall observe this day for your generations , a statute forever .
Then the disciples said to one another , No one brought Him food to eat ?
Then indeed taking him , he brought him to the chiliarch and said , Paul the prisoner having called me near asked me to bring this young man to you , having a thing to tell you .
My heart is stricken and dried like grass , so that I forget to eat my bread .

Has a nation changed its gods , and they were not gods ? But My people have changed their Glory without it having profit .



And He said , Behold , I am cutting a covenant ; I will do wonderful things before all your people which not have been done in all the earth , and among all nations . And all the people in whose midst you are shall see the work of Jehovah , for that which I am about to do is awesome .
Is there not one father to us all ? Has not one God created us ? Why do we act deceitfully , each man with his brother , to profane the covenant of our fathers ?
And Jehovah spoke to Moses and to Aaron , saying ,
Say to them , As I live , declares the Lord Jehovah , I do not have pleasure in the death of the wicked , except in the wicked turning from his way , and so to live . Turn ! Turn from your evil ways ! For why will you die , O house of Israel ?
When your days are fulfilled , and you lie with your fathers , then I shall raise up your seed after you , who shall come out from your bowels , and I shall establish his kingdom .
And they set the altar on its bases , for fear was on them because of the people of those countries . And he offered burnt offerings on it to Jehovah , burnt offerings morning and evening .
So , behold , the days come , declares Jehovah , when it shall no more be called Tophet , or the valley of the son of Hinnom , but the Valley of Slaughter . For they shall bury in Tophet from lack of a place .
and stand in the sanctuary , by the divisions of the house of the fathers of your brothers , the sons of the people , and the portion of the house of the father of the Levites ;
But through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ , we believe to be saved , according to which manner they also believed .
And you shall take the ark of Jehovah and put it on the cart , and the vessels of gold which you shall return to Him for a guilt offering . Put them in a coffer in its side and send it away ; and let it go .
And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah ; and all the singers and the songstresses speak in their lamentations of Josiah to this day , and set them as a statute in Israel ; and behold , they are written in the Lamentations .
And they truly are many priests , being hindered from continuing because of death ;
and their border was from Aroer on the lip of the river Arnon , and the city which is in the middle of the valley , and all the plain by Medeba ;
always in my every prayer on your behalf making my prayer with joy
The young lions roar for prey , and to seek their food from God .
A plague goes before Him , and lightning went forth at His feet .
And you have known with your heart that as a man disciplines his son , Jehovah your God disciplines you .
And My eye shall not spare you , and I will not have pity . But I will lay your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in your midst , and you shall know that I am Jehovah .
because the daughters of Manasseh had inherited an inheritance among his sons ; and the land of Gilead belonged to the sons of Manasseh who remained .

which my lips have opened , and my mouth has spoken in my trouble .

And hearing of a resurrection of the dead , some indeed ridiculed , but said , We will hear you again concerning this .
And there are heavenly bodies , and earthly bodies . But the glory of the heavenly is truly different , and that of the earthly different ;
And we cried to Jehovah , the God of our fathers , and Jehovah heard our voice , and saw our affliction , and our labor , and our oppression .
The word of Jehovah that was to Joel , the son of Pethuel :
Then the lame shall leap like a deer , and the tongue of the dumb shall sing . For waters shall break out in the wilderness , and streams in the desert .
O Ephraim , what shall I do to you ? O Judah , what shall I do to you ? For your goodness is like a morning cloud , and it goes away like the early dew .

and he sent Eliakim , who was over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and the elders of the priests , covering themselves with sackcloth , to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz .
O give thanks to the God of Heaven ; for His mercy endures forever .
Arise , O Jehovah , go before his face and bow him down ! Deliver my soul from the wicked , by Your sword ,

Can you lift your voice to the clouds , so that floods of water may cover you ?
And the sons of Pedaiah : Zerubbabel and Shimei . And the sons of Zerubbabel : Meshullam and Hananiah , and their sister Shelomith ;
And it shall be when you have crossed over the Jordan , that you shall set up these stones as to which I am commanding you today , in Mount Ebal , and you shall plaster them with plaster .
You planted them ; yea , they take root , they grow , they even make fruit . You are near in their mouth , and far from their reins .
A Song of Ascents . Of David . O Jehovah , my heart is not proud , nor have my eyes been lofty ; nor have I walked in great things , nor in things too wondrous for me .
The earth quakes under three things ; yea , it is not able to bear up under four :
Let it not be ! But let God be true , and every man a liar ; even as it has been written , " That You should be justified in Your words , and will overcome in Your being judged . "

Because of your raging against Me , and because your arrogance has come up into My ears , even I will put My hook in your nose , and My bridle in your lips , and I will turn you back by the way which you came .
A smoke went up out of His nostrils , and fire devoured out of His mouth ; coals were kindled from it .
on hope of eternal life which the God who does not lie promised before the eternal times ,
who has not become so according to a law of a fleshly command , but according to the power of an indissoluble life .
Philip , and Bartholomew , Thomas , and the tax-collector , James the son of Alpheus , and Lebbaeus , whose last name was Thaddaeus ,
and to an assembly , a church of the first-born ones having been enrolled in Heaven ; and to God the judge of all , and to spirits of just ones who have been perfected ;
And Jehovah said to her , Two nations are in your womb ; even two peoples shall break from your body And one people shall be stronger than the other people ; and the elder shall serve the younger .
And answering , Jesus said to them , I also will ask you one thing , which if you tell Me , I also will tell you by what authority I do these things .
O Jehovah , put fear in them ; let the nations know they are but men . Selah .
Every male among the sons of Aaron shall eat it , a never ending statute throughout your generations from the fire offerings of Jehovah . All that touches them shall be holy .
For You have forsaken Your people , the house of Jacob , because they are filled from the east , and are fortunetellers like the Philistines . And they clap hands with children of foreigners .
so that we may no longer be infants , having been blown and carried to and fro by every wind of doctrine , in the underhandedness of men , in craftiness with a view to the trickery of error ,
And Judah spoke to him , saying , The man fiercely protested , saying to us , You shall not see my face unless your brother is with you .
For finding fault , He said to them , " Behold , days are coming , says the Lord , and I will make an end on the house of Israel and on the house of Judah ; a new covenant shall be ,
Behold , the ships also , being so great , and being driven by violent winds , they are directed by a very small rudder , where the impulse of the one steering purposes .
our oxen laden ; there is no break and no going out , and no crying in our plazas .
Therefore , repent , and convert , for the blotting out of your sins , so that times of refreshing may come from the face of the Lord ,
He who trusts in his own heart is a fool , but he who walks in wisdom shall be delivered .

Jesus answered and said to him , You are the teacher of Israel , and you do not know these things ?
He trod His bow like an enemy , and set His right hand like a foe ; and killed all who were desirable to the eye in the tent of the daughter of Zion . He poured out His fury like fire .
And I will send a fire on Magog , and on the secure inhabitants of the coasts . And they shall know that I am Jehovah .

And Samson called to Jehovah , and said , O Lord Jehovah , remember me , I pray , and please make me strong only his time , O God . And I shall be avenged with one vengeance on the Philistines , because of my two eyes .
or ministry , in the ministry ; or the one teaching , in the teaching ;
to guard the paths of judgment , and He protects the way of His saints .

Favor is deceitful , and beauty is vain , but a woman who fears Jehovah , she shall be praised .
But turning and seeing her , Jesus said , Be comforted , daughter ; your faith has healed you . And the woman was healed from that hour .
And when a man or a woman has bright spots , white bright spots , in the skin of their flesh ,
Tremble and do not sin . Speak within your own heart on your bed and be still . Selah .

The mountains quake from Him , and the hills melt ; and the earth is lifted up from before Him , even the world and all who dwell in it .
But the ones who escaped shall be on Mount Zion , and it shall be holy . And the house of Jacob shall possess their own possessions .
So prophesy and say to them , So says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I will open your graves and cause you to come up out of your graves , O My people , and I will bring you to the land of Israel .
whose arrows are sharp , and all their bows bent ; their horses' hooves shall appear as flint , and their wheels like a hurricane .
Do not love the world nor the things in the world . If anyone loves the world , the love of the Father is not in him ,
And finding not one cause of death , they asked Pilate to do away with Him .
And Moses came and called the elders of the people . And he put all these words before them which Jehovah commanded him .
And saying these things , she turned backward and saw Jesus standing , and did not know that it was Jesus .
Gather yourselves , even gather , O nation not being longed for ;
who going down prayed concerning them so that they may receive the Holy Spirit .

Then Jesus no longer walked publicly among the Jews , but went away from there into the country near a deserted place , to a city being called Ephraim , and stayed there with His disciples .

But the man was not willing to stay the night . And he rose up and departed , and went until he was opposite Jebus ( it is Jerusalem ) and with him a team of saddle asses . And his concubine was with him .
And the king of Assyria commanded , saying , Cause one of the priests whom you removed from there to go there , and they shall go and live there ; and he shall teach them the custom of the God of the land .
For so says Jehovah , the God of Israel , Concerning the houses of this city , and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah , which are torn down to defend against the siege mounds , and against the sword ,
For my sighing comes before my food ; and my groanings are poured out like the waters .

You shall yet plant vineyards on the mountains of Samaria , the planters shall plant and shall treat them as common .
The beasts of the field also cry to You , for the rivers of water are dried up , and the fire has burned up the pastures of the wilderness .
So says Jehovah of hosts : If you will walk in My ways , and if you will keep My charge , then you shall also judge My house , and shall also keep My courts , and I will give you room to walk among these who stand by .
And they shall fine him a hundred pieces of silver , and give them to the girl's father , because he has caused an evil name to be spread abroad on a virgin of Israel . And she shall be his wife ; he may not put her away all his days .
And the wolf shall live with the lamb ; and the leopard shall lie with the kid ; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together ; and a little boy shall lead them .
And the cherubs lifted their wings and rose up from the earth in my sight . When they went out , the wheels also were with them . And he stood at the door of the gate of the house of Jehovah , the eastern gate And the glory of the God of Israel was over them from above .
But if some of the branches were broken off , and you , being a wild olive tree were grafted in among them , and became a sharer of the root and the fatness of the olive tree ,
And the high places that were before Jerusalem , which were on the right hand of the Mount of Corruption , which Solomon the king of Israel had built for Ashtoreth the idol of the Sidonians , and for Chemosh the idol of the Moabites , and for Milcom the idol of the sons of Ammon , the king defiled .
And it happened as He was praying in a certain place , when He ceased , one of His disciples said to Him , Lord teach us to pray , as John also taught his disciples .
And the priest shall look , and , behold , if a white rising is in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and a living flesh is in the swelling ,
And it shall be , that the city nearest to the one slain , even the elders of that city shall take a heifer of the herd , which has not been worked with , and which has not drawn in the yoke .

Fear not , O land , be glad and rejoice , for Jehovah is doing great things .
Of the sons of Gershom : Joel the chief , and his brothers , a hundred and thirty .
And David made a name for himself when he returned , after he had struck the Syrians in the Valley of Salt , eighteen thousand men .
And you , son of man , set for yourself two ways , that the sword of the king of Babylon may come . Both of them shall come out from one land . And create a hand at the head of the way to the city , create it .
I would lead You ; I would bring You into my mother's house , that You might teach me ; I would cause You to drink the spiced wine from the juice of my pomegranate .
Is not My word thus like fire , says Jehovah , and like a hammer which breaks a rock in pieces ?
They say , If a man puts away his wife , and she goes from him and will be for another man , will he return to her again ? Would not that land be greatly defiled ? But you play the harlot with many lovers ; yet would you come back to Me , says Jehovah . ?
And he having stones gave them to the treasury of the house of Jehovah , by the hand of Jehiel the Gershonite .
But having called them near , Jesus said to them , You know that those seeming to rule the nations lord it over them , and their great ones exercise authority over them .
And Levi made a great feast for Him in his house . And there was a crowd of many tax collectors reclining , and of others who were with them .
Through You we will push our enemies ; through Your name we will trample those who rise up against us .
thefts , greedy desires , iniquities , deceit , lustful desires , a wicked eye , blasphemy , pride , foolishness .
And Ahab said , By whom ? And he said , So says Jehovah , by the young men of the rulers of the provinces . Then he said , Who shall begin the battle ? And he answered , You .

But He said to the woman , Your faith has saved you . Go in peace .
But if their fugitives shall escape , then they shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys , all of them mourning , each for his iniquity .
Peter said to Him , From strangers . Jesus said to him , Then truly the sons are free .
Because of this I testify to you on this day that I am pure from the blood of all .
And it happened when Ahab saw Elijah , that Ahab said to him , Are you he , the disturber of Israel ?

A good name is better than good ointment ; and the day of death than the day of one's birth .
What then do I say , that an idol is anything , or that an idolatrous sacrifice is anything ?
Beloved , if our heart does not accuse us , we have confidence with God .

Slaves rule over us ; there is no rescuer from their hand .
And the king said to them , Take with you the servants of your lord , and you shall cause my son Solomon to ride on my mule , and cause him to go down to Gihon .
And the clean person shall sprinkle on the unclean on the third day , and on the seventh day ; and on the seventh day he shall purify himself ; and he shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and shall be clean at evening .
And he brought the present to Eglon the king of Moab ; and Eglon was a very fat man .
if I have repaid evil to my friend or I have plundered my vexer without cause ,
And it happened when Zedekiah , king of Judah and all the men of war saw them , they fled and went out from the city by night , the way of the king's garden , by the gate between the two walls . And he went the way of the Arabah .
Hear this word that Jehovah has spoken against you , sons of Israel , against all the family which I brought up from the land of Egypt , saying :
For you see your calling , brothers , that there are not many wise according to flesh , nor many powerful , not many wellborn .
But answering them Peter and John said , Whether it is right before God to listen to you rather than God , you judge .
And I said to the nobles and to the rulers , and to the rest of the people , The work is great and large , and we are separated on the wall , far from one another .
When you come into the land of Canaan , which I am giving to you for a possession , and I have put a plague of leprosy in the house in the land of your possession ;
The copy of the writing to be made law in every province was openly revealed to all peoples , even to the Jews being ready for this day , to avenge themselves on their enemies .
Great is the Former of all things , but he who hires a fool is like one who hires those passing by .
Then , indeed , they who were scattered by the oppression taking place over Stephen passed through to Phoenicia and Cyprus and Antioch , speaking the Word to no one except only to Jews .
If it is completely torn in pieces , he shall bring it as a witness ; he shall not repay that which was torn .
look away from him , so that he may rest , till he shall enjoy his day as a hireling .
If a man has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not listen to his father's voice , or his mother's voice ; even though they discipline him , he will not listen to them ;
He shall also break the obelisks of The House of the Sun which is in the land of Egypt ; and he shall burn the houses of the gods of the Egyptians with fire .

And by the border of Reuben , from the east side even to the west side , Judah , one part .
Blessed is the man who has filled his quiver with them ; they shall not be ashamed , for they shall speak with their enemies in the gate .
And it shall be , when they make a long blast with the ram's horn , and when you hear the sound of the ram's horn , all the people shall shout with a great shout . And the wall of the city shall fall down flat ; and the people shall go up , each man in front of him .
And encamp outside the camp seven days . Whoever has killed any person , and whoever touched a pierced one , purify yourselves on the third day and on the seventh day , you and your captives .
In that day , says Jehovah of hosts , I will take you , O Zerubbabel , My servant , the son of Shealtiel , says Jehovah , and will make you like a signet ; for I have chosen you , declares Jehovah of hosts .
I called my servant , but he does not answer ; I must beg him with my mouth .
And the assembly shall stone them with stones and cut them down with their swords . They shall slay their sons and their daughters , and they shall burn their houses with fire .
The Lord said , I will bring back from Bashan ; I will bring back My people from the depths of the sea ;
For he served Baal , and bowed to it , and provoked to anger Jehovah the God of Israel , according to all his father had done .


And having finished every temptation , the Devil departed from Him until a time .
You turn man to dust , and say , Return , O sons of men .
to all those who are in Rome , beloved of God , called-out saints , Grace and peace to you from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ .
But Jesus , knowing their thoughts , He said to them , Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to ruin . And every city or house divided against itself will not stand .
whereas God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself , not charging their trespasses to them , and putting the word of reconciliation in us .
And He also told a parable to them : No one puts a piece of a new garment on an old garment ; otherwise both the new will tear , and the old does not match the piece from the new .
For He said , Surely they are My people , sons that do not lie , and He is their Savior .
And Amaziah said to the man of God , And what shall I do for the hundred talents that I have given to the army of Israel ? And the man of God said , Jehovah has more than this to give to you .
then your elders and your judges shall come out . And they shall measure to the cities which are around the one slain .
It is time for Jehovah to work ; they have broken Your law .
The secret things belong to Jehovah our God ; and the things revealed belong to us and to our sons forever , that we may do all the words of this law .
On account of this , it is of faith , that it be according to grace , for the promise to be made sure to all the seed , not to that of the Law only , but also to that of the faith of Abraham , who is father of us all ,
A desirable treasure and oil are in the dwelling of the wise , but a foolish man devours it .
And I will stir up Egyptians against Egyptians ; and they each man shall fight against his brother ; and each against his neighbor ; city against city , kingdom against kingdom .
But this shall be the covenant that I will cut with the house of Israel : After those days , declares Jehovah , I will put My law in their inward parts , and I will write it on their hearts ; and I will be their God , and they shall be My people .
Then be in obedience to every ordinance of men because of the Lord ; whether to a king , as being supreme ;
And the king made a great banquet for all his princes and his servants , Esther's banquet . And he ordered a rest for the provinces , and gave gifts , according to the state of the king .
But not he , nor his servants , nor the people of the land , listened to the words of Jehovah which He spoke by the prophet .
But if I do , even if you do not believe Me , believe the works , that you may perceive and may believe that the Father is in Me , and I in Him .
Truly I say to you , Not at all will this generation pass away until all these things occur .
As to these things that you see , days will come in which a stone will not be left on a stone , which will not be thrown down .
Do not forget hospitality , for by this some unknowingly took in angels as guests .
And Agrippa said to Paul , Do you persuade me to become a Christian in but a little ?
And if the woman has not been defiled , and is pure , then she shall be clean and shall conceive seed .
And I will again bring Israel to his home , and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan , and his soul shall be satisfied on Mount Ephraim and Gilead .
And all Israel knew , from Dan even to Beersheba , that Samuel was confirmed to be a prophet to Jehovah .
Rescue me and deliver me from the foreigners' sons , those whose mouths have spoken vanity ; and their right hand is a right hand of lies ;
For Mahlah , Tirzah , and Hoglah , and Milcah , and Noah , Zelophehad's daughters , were for wives to their father's brothers' sons .
And their brothers , the sons of Merari stood on the left : Ethan , the son of Kishi , the son of Abdi , the son of Malluch ,
And He came and found them sleeping . And He said to Peter , Simon , do you sleep ? Were you not strong enough to watch one hour ?
But he denied Him , saying , Woman , I do not know Him .
And Hezekiah commanded to offer burnt offering on the altar ; and at the time the burnt offering began , the song of Jehovah began , and of the trumpets , even by the hand of the instruments of David the king of Israel .
older women as mothers , younger women as sisters , in all purity .
there is no fear of God before their eyes . "
And the priest shall look upon the plague in the skin of the flesh ; and if the hair in the plague has turned white , and the appearance of the plague is deeper than the skin of his flesh , it is a plague of leprosy , and the priest shall look upon him and shall pronounce him unclean .
And God appeared to Jacob again when he came out of Padan-aram , and He blessed him .
My mouth is filled with Your praise , with your glory all the day long .
The sons of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reuben , and out of the tribe of Gad , and out of the tribe of Zebulun , twelve cities .
Will he delight in the Almighty ? Will he call on God at every time ?

Give my wives and my children , for whom I have served you , and let me go . For you know my service with which I have served you .
Do not forsake her , and she will preserve you ; love her , and she will keep you .
For being free of all , I enslaved myself to all , that I might gain the more .
And Solomon sat on the throne of his father David , and his kingdom was firmly established .
And he refused , and said to his master's wife , Behold , my master does not know what is in the house with me , and all that he owns he has given into my hand .

And said to all the people , Behold , this stone shall be a witness against us , for it has heard all the sayings of Jehovah which He has spoken with us . And it shall be against you for a witness , that you not lie against your God .
And afterwards all the sons of Israel drew near . And he commanded them all which Jehovah had spoken with him in Mount Sinai .
The word that Jehovah spoke against Babylon , against the land of the Chaldeans by the prophet :
men of the army who had each taken spoil for himself .
For Jehovah is good ; His mercy is everlasting , and His faithfulness to generation and generation .
And Jehoiada made a covenant between himself and between all the people , and between the king , to be a people to Jehovah ;
But if he gives it as a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants , then it shall be his until the year of liberty , then it shall return to the prince . His inheritance is only his sons' ; it shall be theirs .
Now , Tatnai , governor of the province Beyond the River , Shetharboznai , and your associates , the officials who are Beyond the River , you be far from there .
But he said to him , Child , you are always with me , and all of my things are yours .
Do not wonder because I told you , You must receive birth from above .
Do you do not say , It is yet four months and the harvest comes ? Behold , I say to you , Lift up your eyes and behold the fields , for they are already white to harvest .
a time to throw away stones , and a time to gather stones ; a time to embrace , and a time to refrain from embracing ;
for the unseen things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen , being understood by the things made , both His eternal power and Godhead , for them to be without excuse .
so that you may bear your shame and may blush from all that you have done , since you are a comfort to them .
And the king trembled . And he went up to the upper room of the gate and wept . And he said this as he went , My son ! My son Absalom ! My son Absalom ! Oh that I had died instead of you , my son Absalom , my son !
And these are those who conspired against him : Zabad the son of Shimeath the Ammonitess , and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith the Moabitess .
Only fear Jehovah and serve Him in truth with all your heart , for see that He has done great things for you .
Though you offer Me burnt offerings and your grain offerings , I will not be pleased ; nor will I regard the peace offerings of your fat animals .
Now I know that Jehovah saves His anointed ; He answers him from His holy Heaven with the saving strengths of His right hand .
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben , according to their armies ; the ruler of the sons of Reuben being Elizur the son of Shedeur .
But knowing , Jesus withdrew from there . And great crowds followed Him , and He healed them all
So the Lord , Jehovah of Hosts , shall send leanness among his fat ones . And under His glory He will kindle a burning like the burning of fire .
And Moses said , Eat it today , for today is a sabbath to Jehovah . Today you will not find it in the field .
most of all grieving for the word which he said , that they were going to see his face no more . And they went with him to the ship .

And many warned him that he be quiet . But he much more cried out , Son of David , have mercy on me !

But about virgins , I have no command of the Lord . But I give judgment , as having received mercy by the Lord to be faithful .
And we indeed justly , for we receive things worthy of what we did . But this One did nothing wrong .
The fear of man brings a snare , but he trusting Jehovah is set on high .
And they got away from around the tent of Korah , Dathan , and Abiram ; and Dathan and Abiram came out , standing at the door of their tents , and their wives , their sons , and their infants .
God is known in her strongholds for a refuge .

and the third part of the creatures having souls died in the sea ; and the third part of the ships was destroyed .
but speaking the truth in love , we may grow up into Him in all things , who is the head , the Christ ,


for you say , Where is the house of the noble , and where the tent , the dwellings of the wicked ?
But the one looking into the perfect law of liberty , and continuing in it , this one not having become a forgetful hearer , but a doer of the work , this one will be blessed in his doing .

And you shall know that I am Jehovah your God dwelling in Zion , My holy mountain . And Jerusalem shall be a holy thing , and aliens shall no more pass through her .
And Saul said to Michal , Why have you deceived me this way , that you have sent away my enemy , and he has escaped ? And Michal said to Saul , He said to me , Send me away ; why should I kill you ?
so shall the king of Assyria lead away the captives of Egypt and the exiles of Ethiopia , young and old ; naked and barefoot , and with uncovered buttocks ; to the nakedness of Egypt .
And Zillah also bore Tubalcain , the hammerer of every engraving tool of bronze and iron . And the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah .
And He said to them , How many loaves do you have ? Go and see . And knowing , they said , Five , and two fish .
I adjure you , O daughters of Jerusalem , if you find my Beloved , what do you tell Him ? That I am sick with love .
And Hannah rose up after eating in Shiloh , and after drinking . And Eli the priest was sitting on the seat by the side post of the temple of Jehovah .
In those days Jehovah began to send against Judah Rezin the king of Syria and Pekah the son of Remaliah .
Then taking the men on the next day , being purified with them , Paul went into the temple , declaring the fulfillment of the days of the purification , until the offering should be offered for each one of them .
to know Him and the power of His resurrection , and the fellowship of His sufferings , having been conformed to His death ,
He has trod His bow and set me up as a mark for the arrow .
And Jonathan the son of Saul had a lame son , he was a son of five years when the news of Saul and Jonathan came out of Jezreel ; and his nurse lifted him up and fled ; and it happened as she hurried to flee , that he fell and became lame ; and his name was Mephibosheth .
These were the sons of Leah , whom she bore to Jacob in Padan-aram , and his daughter Dinah . All the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty three .
Then the disciples looked upon one another , doubting of whom He spoke .
And Baruch read in the book the words of in the house of Jehovah , in the room of Gemariah , the son of Shaphan the scribe , in the upper court , at the entrance to the New Gate of the house of Jehovah , in the ears of all the people .
But she made them go up on the roof , and hid them with stalks of flax , which she arranged on the roof .
In God we shall do mighty things , for He shall trample our foes .
Blessings are on the head of the just , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .

You were wearied in the length of your way ; you did not say , Despair ! You found the life of your hand , so you were not sick .
According to God's grace given to me , as a wise master builder , I laid a foundation , but another builds on it . But let each one be careful how he builds .
Jehovah of Hosts has sworn by Himself , saying , Surely I will fill you with men as with locusts , and they shall lift up a shout against you .
Zanoah ; Adullam , and their villages ; at Lachish , and its fields ; at Azekah , and its villages . And they camped from Beersheba to the valley of Hinnom .
but the one marrying cares for the things of the world , how to please the wife .
And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred and seventy seven years . And he died .
And Samuel turned back after Saul , and Saul worshiped Jehovah .
Of the Izharites , Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over Israel , for officers and for judges .
And sending , he beheaded John in the prison .
And it happened at the end of ten days , the word of Jehovah was to Jeremiah .
A poor man that oppresses the weak is like a sweeping rain that leaves no food .
Be righteously awake , and do not sin ; for some have ignorance of God . I speak to your shame .
Did not Achan the son of Zerah commit a sin in the cursed thing , and was there not wrath on all the company of Israel ? And he was not the only one to die in his iniquity .
Laziness makes one fall into a deep sleep , and an idle soul shall suffer hunger .
So that you became examples to all those believing in Macedonia and Achaia .
So the Lord Jehovah says this , Behold , I will stretch My hand on the Philistines , and I will cut off the Cherethites and will destroy the rest of the coast of the sea .
When the righteous increase , the people rejoice ; when the wicked rule , the people sigh .
And he said to them , Take me up and throw me out into the sea . And the sea will be calm from on you . For I know that this great storm is on you on account of me .
And he came up and told his father and mother , and said , I have seen a woman in Timnath , of the daughters of the Philistines . And now get her for me for a wife .
And Rachel had taken the household idols and put them into the camel's saddle ; and she sat on them . And Laban felt around all the tent , but did not find .
A man has joy by the answer of his mouth , and how good is a word in its season !
Like keepers of a field , they are against her all around because she has rebelled against Me , says Jehovah .

Then after three years , I went up to Jerusalem to become acquainted with Peter and remained with him fifteen days .
And those keeping guard were shaken from the fear of him , and they became as dead .
And I will shake all the nations ; and the desire of all nations shall come . And I will fill this house with glory , says Jehovah of hosts .
Then the chiefs of Edom were terrified ; the leaders of Moab were seized by trembling ; all the dwellers of Canaan were melted .
But I will sing of Your power ; yes , I will sing of Your mercy in the morning . For You have been my strong tower , and my hiding place in the day of my trouble .
But Zion said , Jehovah has forsaken me , and , My Lord has forgotten me .
Because of this , we do not faint , but if indeed our outward man is being decayed , yet the inward man is being renewed day by day .
Behold , I will bring a dread on you , declares Jehovah of Hosts , from all those who are around you . And you shall be driven out , each man before him . And there shall be none to gather up the runaways .
and one tenth part to each of the fourteen lambs ;
Who humbles Himself to consider all in the earth and the heavens !

And it will be on that day , I will give to Gog a place there , a grave in Israel , the valley of those who pass by , east of the sea . And it shall stop those who pass by . And they shall bury Gog and all his multitude there , and they shall call it The Valley of the Multitude of Gog .
And they shall make the ephod of gold , blue , and purple , crimson and bleached , twined linen , skilled work .
And Jonadab the son of Shimeah , David's brother , answered and said , Do not let my lord say , They have killed all of the young men , the king's sons ; for only Amnon is dead . For it has been settled by Absalom's command from the day of his humbling of his sister Tamar .
Therefore , behold , I will hedge your way with thorns , and I will wall up her wall , that she shall not find her paths .
And the sun rose on him as he passed over Penuel , and he was limping on his thigh .
And Jehovah shall always guide you , and satisfy your soul in dry places , and support your bones . And you shall be like a watered garden , and like a spring of water whose waters do not fail .
And it will be , the fishermen shall stand on it ; from En-gedi even to En-eglaim , a spreading place for nets shall be there ; their fish shall be by its kind , like the fish of the Great Sea , very many .
And the sons of Ephraim : Shuthelah , and Bered , his son , and Tahath , his son , and Eladah , his son ; and Tahath , his son ;

And He entering into the boat , His disciples followed Him .
And you , my lord O king , the eyes of Israel are on you , to tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him .

The day that you stood before Jehovah your God in Horeb , when Jehovah said to me , Gather the people to Me , and I will make them hear My words , that they may learn to fear Me all the days that they live on the earth ; and that they may teach their sons .
Then I said , I will not feed you ; that which dies , let it die ; and that which is to be cut off , let it be cut off . And let the rest eat , each woman the flesh of her neighbor .
And Abraham and Sarah were aged , going on in days . The custom as to women had ceased to be to Sarah .
And your turbans shall be on your heads and your sandals on your feet . You shall not wail nor weep , but you shall rot away in your iniquities , and each man groan to his brother .
And the sons of Joseph according to their families : Manasseh and Ephraim .

And the sister of Tahpenes bore him a son , Genubath , and Tahpenes weaned him in Pharaoh's house among Pharaoh's sons .
And we write these things to you , that your joy may be full .
And sitting , He called the Twelve and said to them , If anyone desires to be first , he shall be last of all and servant of all .

And it shall be , if they refuse to take the cup from your hand to drink , then you shall say to them , So says Jehovah of Hosts , You shall certainly drink .
Arab and Dumah , and Eshean ,
But Saul did not say anything on that day , for he said , It is an accident ; he is not clean ; he is surely not clean .
And Azariah lay with his fathers , and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David . And his son Jotham reigned in his place .
Watch yourselves , that we may not lose the things we worked out , but that we may receive a full reward .
And Boaz ate and drank , and his heart felt good . And he went to lie down at the end of the heap . And she came secretly and uncovered his feet , and lay down .

But where remission of these is , there is no longer offering concerning sins .
Speak to the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , When any man's wife goes astray , and has committed a trespass against him ,
And the king said to Araunah , No , for I will surely buy from you for a price , and I will not offer to Jehovah my God burnt offerings for nothing . And David bought the threshing-floor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver .
And now listen , My servant Jacob , and Israel whom I have chosen .
Jehovah shall cause you and your king whom you shall raise up over you , to go to a nation which you have not known , you and your fathers . And you shall serve other gods there , wood and stone .
And king Solomon sent by the hand of Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and he fell on him , and he died .
And his brothers went to feed the flock of their fathers in Shechem .
And windows were in it , and its porches all around like these windows . Fifty cubits were the length , and twenty five cubits the breadth .
Your prophets have seen false and foolish things for you ; and they have not revealed your iniquity , to turn back your captivity . Yea , they visioned for you burdens of falsehood and seductions .

And he went and took Gomer , the daughter of Diblaim , who conceived and bore him a son .
And answering , Jesus again spoke to them in parables , saying :
and from there they sailed to Antioch , from where they had been committed to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled .
And his servants said to him , What is this thing you have done ? You fasted and wept because of the living boy , yet when the boy is dead , you have risen up and have eaten food ?
And he said , Are you then my son Esau ? And he said , I am .
And I heard a great voice saying in Heaven , Now has come the salvation and power and the kingdom of our God , and the authority of His Christ , because the accuser of our brothers is thrown down , the one accusing them before our God day and night .
And Memucan answered before the king and princes , Vashti the queen has not only done wrong to the king , but also to all the princes , and to all the people who are in all the provinces of Ahasuerus the king .
And being minded to know the charge for which they were accusing him , I brought him down to their sanhedrin ;
from a son of thirty years and upward , even to a son of fifty years , everyone who is going into the service , for work in the tabernacle of the congregation ,
Take heed to yourself , hat you not cut a covenant with the people of the land to which you are going in , that it not be a snare in your midst .
And you shall let a ram's horn resound , a signal in the seventh month , in the tenth of the month ; in the day of atonement , less a ram's horn pass throughout all your land ;
And he did the good in the eyes of Jehovah , and walked in all the way of his father David , and did not turn aside to the right or the left .
And He shall judge the world in righteousness ; He shall judge the peoples in uprightness .

Wine is a mocker , strong drink is stirring , and each one straying by it is not wise .

And these were the sons of Shobal : Alvan , and Manahath , and Ebal , Shepho , and Onam .

And Elisha said to them , This is not the way , nor is this the city . Follow me , and I will lead you to the man you seek . And he led them to Samaria .
He shall not cry , nor lift up , nor cause His voice to be heard in the street .
On account of this , the heavens above you have held back the dew , and the earth is held back from her produce .
And it happened , when all the kings who were beyond the Jordan in the hills and in the Lowlands , and in all the coast of the Great Sea in front of Lebanon , heard of it , the Hittite , and the Amorite , the Canaanite , the Perizzite , the Hivite , and the Jebusite ,
And they shall put your wickedness on you , and you shall bear the sins of your idols . And you shall know that I am the Lord Jehovah .
And I have established My covenant with you , and all flesh shall not be cut off again by the waters of a flood ; nor shall there ever again be a flood to destroy the earth .

rejoicing in the world , His earth ; and my delight was with the sons of men .
And they turned in their distress to Jehovah the God of Israel , and they sought Him , and He was found by them .
Is it nothing to you , all you who pass by ? Behold , and see if there is any sorrow like my sorrow which is done to me , with which Jehovah has afflicted me in the day of His burning anger .
for then no one hated his own flesh , but nourishes and cherishes it , even as also the Lord the church .
And I will establish My covenant with you . And you shall come into the ark , you and your sons and your wife and your sons' wives with you .
And the priest who is anointed in his place , from among his sons , shall make it . It is a never ending statute of Jehovah . It shall be completely burned ;
And David went out wherever Saul sent him . And he acted wisely . And Saul set him over the men of war . And it was good in the eyes of all the people , and also .
Many are saying , Who will show us any good ? O Jehovah , lift up the light of Your face on us .

And after he fathered Enoch , Jared lived eight hundred years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
The calamity of Moab is near to come , and his evil hurries fast .
And rising up in these days , Mariam went into the hill country with haste to a city of Judah .
Speak to Aaron , and to his sons , and to all the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , Any man of the house of Israel , or of the aliens in Israel , who brings near his offering , of all his vows , or of all his freewill offerings which they bring near to Jehovah for a burnt offering ;
And the mourning time passed by . And David sent and gathered her to his house ; and she became his wife , and bore a son to him . And the thing which David had done was evil in the eyes of Jehovah .
Behold , I am rebuking your seed , and I will spread dung on your faces , the dung of your solemn feasts ; and one will lift you up to it .
And if a son of peace is truly there , your peace shall rest on it ; but if not so , it shall return to you .
but have walked after the stubbornness of their own heart , and after the Baals , which their fathers taught them ;
And they will throw them into the furnace of fire ; there will be weeping and gnashing of the teeth .
And these are the nations which Jehovah left in order to test Israel by them , all who did not know all the wars of Canaan ;
And Jesus said to them , A prophet is not without honor , except in his native place , and among the relatives , and in his own house .
And Balak sent yet again , more leaders and more honorable than they .
And Saul threw the spear , and said , I will strike David , even to the wall . And David twice drew back from his face .
No one serving as a soldier entangles himself with the affairs of this life , so that he might please the one enlisting him .
And you shall speak this word to them : Let my eyes run down with tears night and day , and do not let them cease . For the virgin daughter of my people is broken with a great break , with a very grievous blow .
and wine for a drink offering , a third part of a hin . You shall bring it near , a soothing fragrance to Jehovah .
And Syria saw that they had been stricken before Israel , and sent messengers and brought out Syria that was beyond the river ; and Shophach , Hadarezer's army commander , was before them .
I , Nebuchadnezzar , have seen this dream . Now you , O Belteshazzar , declare its meaning , since all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to reveal the meaning to me . But you are able , for the spirit of the holy gods is in you .
And coming up Jesus talked with them , saying , All authority in Heaven and on earth was given to Me .
through the tender bowels of mercy of our God , in which the Dayspring from on high will visit us ,
And David said to him , Are you able to bring me down to this troop ? And he said , Swear to me by God that you will neither put me to death , nor deliver me up into my master's hand , and I will bring you down to this troop .
And the tribe of Zebulun ; the ruler of the sons of Zebulun being Eliab the son of Helon .
Do you not know that we shall judge angels , not to speak of this life ?
They sit on the ground ; the elders of Zion's daughters are silent . They send up dust on their heads , they gird on sack cloths . The virgins of Jerusalem let their heads hang to the ground .
And the king of Assyria found a conspiracy in Hoshea , in that he had sent messengers to So the king of Egypt , and had not offered tribute up to the king of Assyria , as year by year . And the king of Assyria shut him up , and bound him in a prison .
And He saved them from the hand of the hater , and ransomed him from the hand of the enemy ;
For men indeed swear by the greater , and an oath to make things sure is to them the end of all gainsaying .
Then I will sprinkle clean waters on you , and you shall be clean . I will cleanse you from all your defilement and from all your idols .
The heart of the wise makes his mouth prudent , and he adds learning on his lips .
then the elders of his city shall send and bring from him there , and give him into the hand of the avenger of blood , that he may die .
this went up from Babylon . And he was a skilled scribe in the law of Moses , which Jehovah the God of Israel had given . And the king granted him all he asked , according to the hand of Jehovah his God on him .
and from there into Philippi , which is the first city of that part of Macedonia , a colony . And we were in this city , staying some days .
And if he sanctifying the field really will redeem it , then he shall add a fifth of the silver of your evaluation to it , and it shall rise to become his .
And Jehovah saw that the evil of man was great on the earth , and every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil all the day long .
And he said to them , I see your father's face , that it is not toward me as before . But the God of my father has been with me .
And Solomon sought to put Jeroboam to death , and Jeroboam rose up and fled to Egypt , to Shishak the king of Egypt ; and he was in Egypt until the death of Solomon .
And Mizraim fathered Ludim , and Anamim , and Lehabim , and Naphtuhim ,
Do you not fear Me , declares Jehovah ? Will you not tremble before My face , that I have placed the sand as the boundary for the sea by a never ending decree , so that it cannot cross over it ? And though they toss themselves , yet they cannot prevail ; though its waves roar , yet they cannot cross over it .
And it happened to him , having been divinely instructed by the Holy Spirit , he was not to see death before he would see the Christ of the Lord .
Keep me from the hands of the trap they laid for me , and from the snares of the workers of evil .
And it shall bring forth thorns and thistles for you , and you shall eat the plant of the field .
You have rebuked the nations ; You have destroyed the wicked ; You have put out their name forever and ever .

Turn back , I beseech you ; let there be no wrong . Yea , return again , for my righteousness is in it .
You shall beat him with the rod , and you shall deliver him from Sheol .
And he said to him , Now go , see the welfare of your brothers , and the welfare of the flock , and bring word back to me . And he sent him out of the valley of Hebron . And he came to Shechem .
My heart shall cry to Moab ; her fugitives to Zoar , a heifer of three years ; he goes up the ascent of Luhith with weeping , for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of ruin .
And Edom said to him , You shall not pass through me , lest I come out with the sword against you .

For we are about to destroy this place , for the cry of them is great before Jehovah , and Jehovah has sent us to destroy it .
It is by the kindnesses of Jehovah that we are not consumed , for His mercies are not ended .
And the form of their faces , they are the faces that I saw by the river Chebar , their appearances , even theirs . They each went straight forward .
And he has despised the oath by breaking the covenant . And , behold , he had given his hand , and he has done all these things .
then You scare me with dreams , and terrify me with visions ;
Now speak in the ears of the people , and let them ask , each man from his neighbor , articles of silver and articles of gold .
And some were present at the same time reporting to Him about the Galileans , whose blood Pilate mixed with their sacrifices .
For Jehovah's portion is His people ; Jacob is the lot of His inheritance .
But these have been written that you may believe that Jesus is the Christ , the Son of God , and that believing you may have life in His name .
You shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the sons of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself ; I am Jehovah .
Because many deceivers went out into the world , those not confessing Jesus Christ to have come in the flesh , this is the deceiver and the antichrist .
My soul shall be satisfied , as with marrow and fatness ; and my mouth shall praise You with joyful lips ,
And God came to Balaam at night and said to him , If the men have come to call you , rise up , go with them and say only the thing that I speak to you ; it you shall do .
And Laban rose up early in the morning and kissed his sons and his daughters and blessed them . And Laban went away and returned to his on place .
The righteous falling down before the wicked is like a fouled fountain and a ruined spring .
For You are the glory of their strength ; and by Your favor You lift up our horn .
and that He appeared to Peter , and then to the Twelve .
and at Beth-marcaboth , and at Hazar-susim , and at Beth-birei , and at Shaaraim . These were their cities until the reign of David .
Draw out the spear and close ranks to meet my pursuers ; say to my soul , I am your salvation .
And his army , and those numbered of them were fifty seven thousand and four hundred .
or as a hidden miscarriage , I would not have been , like infants who never saw light .

And Jacob said , No , please , if I now have found favor in your eyes , take my present from my hands . For I have seen your face , like seeing the face of God ; and you are pleased with me .


And Balak said to him , Now come with me to another place where you will see it ; only you will see its edge and shall not see all of it ; and curse it for me there .
Better is the poor walking in his integrity than the perverse of two ways , even if he is rich .
And Moses took the wagons and the oxen and gave them to the Levites .
But the governor said , For what wrong did he do ? But they the more cried out , saying , Let him be crucified .
You trod in the sea with Your horses , the foaming of many waters .

and they came up into Judah and broke into it , and captured all the substance that was found at the king's house , and also his sons , and his wives ; and there was not left to him a son except Jehoahaz the youngest of his sons .
And he makes a god of the rest , his carved image ; he bows to it and worships , and prays to it , and says , Deliver me , for you are my god .
In the days of Pekah the king of Israel , Tiglath-pileser the king of Assyria came and took Ijon , and Abel-beth-maachah , and Janoah , and Kedesh , and Hazor , and Gilead , and Galilee , all the land of Naphtali , and removed them to Assyria .
And He did not give to him an inheritance in it , not even a foot breadth . And He promised to give it to him for a possession and to his seed after him , there being no child to him .
If there is a contention between men , and they come to judgment , and they have been judged , and the righteous one is declared righteous , and the wrong doer declared guilty ;
and strip Aaron of his garments , and you shall put them on his son Eleazar . And Aaron shall be gathered and shall die there .
and , they have turned back to You with all their heart , and with all the their soul , in the land of their enemies who have taken them captive , and have prayed to You the way of their land which You gave to their fathers , the city which You have chosen , and the house which I have built for Your name ,
And afterward the continual burnt offering , both of the new moons , and of all the set feasts of Jehovah that were set apart , and of everyone who willingly offered a freewill offering to Jehovah .

And Jehovah said to Moses , Why do you cry to Me ? Speak to the sons of Israel , and let them pull up .
And Judah said , What can we say to my lord ? What can we speak , and in what can we justify ourselves ? God has found out the iniquity of your servants ; behold , we are slaves to my lord , both we and he in whose hand the cup was found .
By this I know that You delight in me , because my enemy does not exult over me .
And so it was that when Moses lifted his hand , Israel prevailed . And when he rested his hand , Amalek conquered .
Will the wild ox consent to be your servant , or spend the night by your feed-trough ?
nor did we eat bread from anyone as a gift , but by labor and toil , working night and day in order not to burden anyone of you .
The singers went before , then the musicians came ; among them were the virgins playing the timbrels .
Lift up Yourself , O judge of the earth ; give a just repayment on the proud .
And it happened in the fifth year of Jehoiakim , the son of Josiah , king of Judah , in the ninth month , they called a fast before Jehovah , to all the people of Jerusalem , and to all the people who came from the cities of Judah to Jerusalem .
It may be that Jehovah your God will hear all the words of the chief cupbearer , with which his master the king of Assyria has sent him to reproach the living God , and will rebuke the words which Jehovah your God has heard ; and you shall lift up prayer for the remnant that is found .
saying , The scribes and the Pharisees sat down on Moses' seat .
Because knowing God , they did not glorify Him as God , nor were thankful . But they became vain in their reasonings , and their undiscerning heart was darkened .

And hearing His parables , the chief priests and the Pharisees knew that He was speaking about them .
And it happened when he reigned , he struck all the house of Jeroboam ; he did not leave Jeroboam any who breathed , until he had destroyed him . according to the saying of Jehovah which He spoke by His servant Ahijah the man of Shiloh ;
And Jehovah said to Moses , Come up to Me to the mountain , and be there . And I will give to you the tablets of stone , and the law , and the commandments which I have written , to teach them .
All the saints greet you .
So , then , do not be mockers , that your bonds not be made strong . For I have heard from the Lord Jehovah of Hosts that a full end is decreed on all the earth .
And there was a certain man of Zorah , of the family of the Danites , and his name was Manoah . And his wife was barren , and had not borne .
And he took out of the land the rest of the sodomites which remained in the days of his father Asa .
And now have I come up against this land to destroy it without Jehovah ? Jehovah said to me , Go up to this land and destroy it .
And the word of Jehovah came to me , saying ,
And Aaron shall bear the names of the sons of Israel on the breast pocket of judgment on his heart , in his going into the holy place , for a memorial before the face of Jehovah continually .
And they passed a call throughout Judah and Jerusalem to all the sons of the exile , to assemble at Jerusalem ;
I looked on the earth , and , behold ! It was without form and void ; and to the heavens , and they had no light .
The sons of Parosh , two thousand , one hundred and seventy two ;
Your sons have fainted ; they lie at the head of all the streets , like an antelope in a net , filled with the fury of Jehovah , the rebuke of your God .
And it happened , because she distressed him with her words all the days , and urged him ; and his soul was grieved to death ,
But we will certainly do whatever thing goes out of our own mouth , to burn incense to the queen of heaven , and to pour out drink offerings to her , as we have done , we and our fathers , our kings , and our rulers , in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem . And we had plenty of food , and were well , and saw no evil .

also Annas the high priest , and Caiaphas , and John , and Alexander , and as many as were of the high priestly family .
And also demons came out from many , crying out and saying , You are the Christ , the Son of God ! And rebuking them , He did not allow them to speak , for they knew Him to be the Christ .
Also Your servant is warned by them ; in keeping of them is great reward .
And he was there with Jehovah forty days and forty nights ; he did not eat bread and he did not drink water . And He wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the Ten Commandments .
And she saddled the ass and said to her young man , Lead on , and go . Do not hold back riding for me except I speak to you .
and our storehouses may be full , furnishing kind to kind ; our flocks may breed thousands and ten thousands outside ,
A foolish son is calamity to his father , and a wife's quarreling a never ending dripping .
And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath , who struck six hundred men of the Philistines with an ox goad . And he also delivered Israel .
Observe the birds of the heaven , that they do not sow , nor do they reap , nor do they gather into barns , yet your heavenly Father feeds them . Do you not rather excel them ?
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And he walked in the way of the house of Ahab , and did that which was evil in the eyes of Jehovah , like the house of Ahab , for he was the son-in-law of the house of Ahab .
And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold from them , all crafted things .
And Moses spoke before Jehovah , saying , Behold the sons of Israel have not listened to me . And how should Pharaoh hear me , I being of uncircumcised lips ?
You shall vomit the bit you have eaten and spoil your pleasant words .
And Jeroboam built Shechem in the hills of Ephraim and lived in it , and went out from there and built Penuel .
also , Obed-edom and their brothers , sixty eight ; and Obededom the son of Jeduthun , and Hosah , as gatekeepers ;
And God said , Let the earth bring forth the soul of life according to its kind : cattle , and creepers , and its beasts of the earth , according to its kind . And it was so .

And Moses numbered as Jehovah commanded him , all the first-born among the sons of Israel .
And they reported to him that Jesus the Nazarene is passing by .
For her rich ones are full of violence , and her inhabitants speak a lie , and their tongue is deceit in their mouth .
And in that day the Lord Jehovah of Hosts called to weeping and mourning ; and to baldness , and to girding with sackcloth .
And the sons of Noah that went out of the ark were Shem , Ham , and Japheth . And Ham is the father of Canaan .


And king Solomon was greater than any of the kings of the earth for riches and for wisdom ;
and walk in love , even as Christ also loved us and gave Himself for us , an offering and a sacrifice to God for an odor of a sweet smell .
And if in its place the bright spot is stayed , it has not spread ; it is an inflamed boil , and the priest shall pronounce him clean .

And you shall mark out your line for the eastern border from Hazar-enan to Shepham .
and saying , Woe ! Woe to the great city having been clothed in linen and purple and scarlet , and having been gilded with gold and precious stone , and pearls !
Five times I received forty stripes minus one from the Jews .
of Dan , Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai ;
The watchmen going about in the city found me . I said , Have you seen Him my soul loves ?

One going with slander is a revealer of secrets , but the faithful of spirit keeps a matter hidden .
He saved others ; he is not able to save himself . If he is the king of Israel , let him come down now from the cross , and we will believe him .
for if you live according to flesh , you are going to die . But if by the Spirit you put to death the practices of the body , you will live .
Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah and terrified them in building .
And Isaac answered and said to Esau , Behold , I have set him over you as a ruler , and I have given him all his brothers for servants ; I have girded him with grain and wine . And what then can I do for you , my son ?
And having been baptized , Jesus went up immediately from the water . And , behold ! The heavens were opened to Him , and He saw the Spirit of God coming down as a dove , and coming upon Him .
For is not my house so with God ? For He has made an everlasting covenant with me , ordered in all things , and sure ; for all my salvation , and all my desire , will He not make it grow ?
all flesh shall perish together , and man shall return to dust .

And Jacob did so , and he fulfilled the week of this one , and he gave to him his daughter Rachel , to him for a wife .
And the locusts went up over all the land of Egypt , and rested on all the territory of Egypt , exceedingly many . Never were there locusts like them before , and afterward none will be like them .
But he denied before all , saying , I do not know what you say .
If a man shall sin against his neighbor , and he shall lift up an oath on him , to cause him to swear , and he shall come and swear before Your altar in this house ,
And he showed me a pure river of water of life , bright as crystal , coming forth out of the throne of God and of the Lamb .

And ten portions fell to Manasseh , besides that from the land of Gilead and Bashan beyond the Jordan ;

Your cheeks are lovely with ornaments , your neck with chains of beads .
And , behold , two of them were going on the same day to a village being sixty stadia distant from Jerusalem , which was named Emmaus .
They also do not work evil ; they walk in His way .
I say , Keep the king's word , even on the matter of the oath of God ;
And he said , Take it up to you . And he put out his hand and took it .
The heart is deceitful above all things , and it is incurable ; who can know it ?
and a glassy sea before the throne , like crystal . And in the midst of the throne and around the throne were four living creatures , full of eyes before and behind .
And Saul said to his uncle , He told us plainly that the she asses were found . But he did not tell what Samuel said about the matter of the kingdom .
And you shall take the breast from the ram of consecration which is on Aaron . And you shall wave it a wave offering before the face of Jehovah ; it shall be your portion .
each of whom they made stand before the apostles . And having prayed , they placed their hands on them .

And the thing was pleasing in Absalom's eyes , and in the eyes of all the elders of Israel .
And it happened , when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the Sabbath , I commanded that the gates should be shut , and commanded that they should not be opened until after the Sabbath . And I stationed some of my servants at the gates , so that there should be no burden brought in on the Sabbath day .
So says Jehovah : Heaven is My throne , and earth the footstool of My feet . Where then is the house that you build for Me ? And where then is the place of My rest ?
And Moses spoke to Aaron , and to his sons , and to all the sons of Israel .
Yet all this is no gain to me as long as I am seeing Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate .
so that the generation to come , your sons who rise after you , and the foreigner who comes in from a distant land , shall say when they see the plagues of that land , and its sicknesses which Jehovah shall send into it ,
The heart of the righteous muses how to answer , but the mouth of the wicked pours out evil things .
The desire of the righteous is only good , the hope of the wicked is wrath .
Let the wicked fall into their own nets at the same time ; I even shall pass by .
So , the Lord Jehovah says this : Behold , I place in Zion a Stone for a foundation , a tried Stone , a precious Cornerstone , a sure Foundation ; he who believes shall not hurry .
You shall not pervert judgment of an alien , or of an orphan ; and you shall not take a widow's garment as pledge .
It shall not be put out night or day ; its smoke shall rise forever . From generation to generation , it shall lie waste ; no one shall pass through it forever and forever .
And coming down from Jerusalem , the scribes said , He has Beelzebub ; and he casts out demons by the ruler of the demons .
and the hangings of the court , and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court by the tabernacle and by the altar all around , and their cords , and all the vessels of their service , and whatever there may be to do with them ; in this they shall serve .
And I said to them , Do not let the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the sun is hot . And while they are standing , let them shut and bar the doors . And make stand guards from the people of Jerusalem , each one in his watch , and each one to be across from his house .

You shall not be united with them in burial , because you ruined your land ; you have slain your people ; the seed of evildoers shall never be named .
The cities of the south have been shut up , and none are opening . Judah has been exiled ; all of it has been peacefully exiled .
and passed on to the side opposite to the Arabah northward , and went down to the Arabah .
Jehovah of Hosts has sworn , saying , Surely as I have thought , so it shall be ; and as I have purposed , it shall rise up ;
And had commanded the people , saying , You shall not shout , nor cause your voice to be heard , nor shall there go from your mouth a word until the day I say to you , Shout ! Then you shall shout .
But the crowd rebuked them , that they be quiet . But they cried out the more , saying , Have pity on us , Lord , Son of David !

who show the work of the law written in their hearts , their conscience witnessing with them , and the thoughts between one another accusing or even excusing ,
Then Simon Peter came following him , and went into the tomb and saw the linens lying .
having counted the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures of Egypt , for he was looking to the reward .
And Abimelech and the companies with him rushed forward and stood in the opening of the gate of the city . And the two companies charged against all who were in the field , and struck them .
Do not let a man of tongue be established in the earth ; evil shall hunt the violent man , thrust upon thrust .
And to his father he sent this : ten asses bearing the good things of Egypt , and ten she-asses bearing grain , and bread , and food for his father for the way .
And the west border was to the Great Sea , and its coast . This is the border of the sons of Judah all around , for their families .
For all things were created in Him , the things in the heavens , and the things on the earth , the visible and the invisible ; whether thrones , or lordships , or rulers , or authorities , all things have been created through Him and for Him .
I give thanks to my God always concerning you for the grace of God given to you in Christ Jesus ,
And Reaiah the son of Shobal fathered Jahath . And Jahath fathered Ahumai , and Lahad . These are the families of the Zorathites .

those numbered of them for the tribe of Manasseh were thirty two thousand and two hundred .
And he said to me , The north rooms , the south chambers which are to the face of the separate area , they are holy rooms , there where the priests shall eat , who approach to Jehovah , the holiest of the holy things . There they shall lay the holiest of the holy things , even the food offering and the sin offering , and the guilt offering . For the place is holy .
At the hearing of the ear they listen to me ; the sons of foreigners shall bow down to me .
Jesus said to him , Go ! Your son lives . And the man believed the word which Jesus said to him , and went away .
And David lived with Achish in Gath , he and his men , each one and his household : David and his two wives , Ahinoam of Jezreel , and Abigail the former wife of Nabal of Carmel .
And it happened ; your choicest valleys were full of chariots ; and the horsemen surely set in order at the gate .
And it shall be on that day , when Gog comes against the land of Israel , declares the Lord Jehovah , My fury shall come up in My face .
The thoughts of the wicked are very hateful to Jehovah , but the words of pleasantness are pure .
Then these things being undeniable , it is necessary for you , having been calmed , to be so , and to do nothing rash .
Paul , a called apostle of Jesus Christ , by the will of God , and Sosthenes the brother ,
And Judah said to his daughter-in-law Tamar , Live as a widow in your father's house until my son Shelah is grown . For he said , Lest he also die like his brothers . And Tamar went and lived in her father's house .
Behold , you are not right in this . I will answer you , for God is greater than man .
And saying these things to them , He remained in Galilee .
And I will establish his kingdom forever , if he will be strong to do My commandments and My ordinances , as at this day .

And having called near the multitude of the disciples , the Twelve said , It is not pleasing to us , having left the Word of God , to serve tables !
Yea , his soul draws near to the Pit , and his life to the dealers of death .
Pure and undefiled religion before God and the Father is this : to visit orphans and widows in their afflictions , and to keep oneself unspotted from the world .
men who have given up their souls on behalf of the name of our Lord , Jesus Christ .
Smoke rose up in His nostrils , and fire devoured out of His mouth ; coals were kindled by it .
I will say to God , Do not condemn me ; make me know why You contend with me .
and three hundred shields of beaten gold ; he put three hundred of gold on the one shield . And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon .
A king that truly judges the weak shall have his throne established forever .
For as being absent in body , but being present in spirit , I have already judged the one who has worked out this thing , as if I were present :
Pray for us , for we are persuaded that we have a good conscience , in all things wishing to behave well .
But it will be more bearable for Tyre and Sidon in the Judgment than for you .

And the youth who was telling him said , By chance I happened to be on Mount Gilboa . And behold , Saul was leaning on his spear . And , behold , the chariots and the masters of horses closely followed him !
And David said , This is the house of Jehovah God , and this altar for burnt offering for Israel .
To the chief musician . On Gittith . A Psalm for the sons of Korah . How lovely are Your dwellings , O Jehovah of hosts !

And Jehovah shall raise up a king over Israel for Himself , who shall cut off the house of Jeroboam this day . And what ? Even now !
nor as exercising lordship over the ones allotted to you , but becoming examples of the flock .

And you have given me the neck of my enemies , that I might cut off my haters .
And they spoke to him , saying , If you will be good to this people , and will please them , and will speak good words to them , then they will be your servants forever .
Yes , they shall return at evening ; let them howl like the dog and go around the city ;
But Barnabas purposed to take John with them , the one having been called Mark .
And Samuel said to the people , Do not fear . You have done all this evil , only do not turn aside from following Jehovah , and serve Jehovah with all your heart .
And they shall put it and all its vessels into a covering of dugong skin , and shall put it on the bar .
And in Jerusalem lived of the sons of Judah , and of the sons of Benjamin , and of the sons of Ephraim and Manasseh :
and with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those making a sound , and instruments of the song of God ; and the sons of Jeduthun were at the gate .
And David commanded all the rulers of Israel to give help to his son Solomon :
And fire went out from before Jehovah and consumed them ; and they died before Jehovah .

And the slave brought out vessels of silver and vessels of gold and garments , and he gave to Rebekah . And he gave precious things to her brother and to her mother .
My foot stands in an even place ; in the assemblies , I will bless Jehovah .
And Saul said , Disperse yourselves among the people and say to them , Each one bring his ox near to me , and each his sheep , and you slaughter here , and eat ; and you shall not sin against Jehovah , to eat with the blood . And each of all the people brought near his ox in his hand that night , and they slaughtered there .
Our God comes , and He is not silent ; a fire shall devour before Him ; and it shall be very stormy around Him .
And every wise-hearted one among the doers of the work of the tabernacle made ten curtains , twined , bleached linen , and blue , and purple , and crimson ; he made them with cherubs , the work of an artisan .

It may be that they will listen , and each man turn from his evil way , that I may repent of the evil which I plan to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
So is for a sign to you . As all that he has done , you shall do . And when it comes , then you shall know that I am the Lord Jehovah .
and will God not at all execute the avenging of His elect , those crying to Him day and night , also having been long-suffering over them ?

They have become fat ; they shine . Yes , they pass over the deeds of the evil ; they do not plead the cause , the cause of the orphan , that they may prosper . And they do not vindicate the right of the needy .
And the priest shall look at him the seventh day . And if it is spread abroad very much in the skin , the priest shall pronounce him unclean . It is the plague of leprosy .
" God did not thrust away His people " whom He foreknew . Or do you not know what the Scripture said in Elijah , how he pleaded with God against Israel , saying ,
And when the king's decree which he shall make shall be throughout all his empire , for it is great , all the wives shall give their husbands honor , both the small and the great .
And Absalom came before David's servants . And Absalom was riding on a mule , and the mule came in under the thick branches of a great oak . And his head caught hold in the oak , and he was lifted up between the heavens and the earth . And the mule under him passed on .

Of Shelomith , he and his brothers were over all the treasures of the holy things that David the king , and the heads of the fathers , the commanders over thousands and hundreds , and the commanders of the army had dedicated .
Tahath , his son ; Uriel , his son ; Uzziah , his son ; Shaul , his son .
And Jehovah appeared to him in the same night , and said , I am the God of your father Abraham ; do not fear , for I am with you ; and I will bless you and increase your seed , because of My servant Abraham .
And Pharaoh sent and called Joseph ; and they rushed him from the dungeon . And he shaved and changed his clothing and came in to Pharaoh .
And they shall take the gold , and the blue , and the purple , and the crimson , and the bleached linen .
You shall do no unrighteousness in judgment ; you shall not respect the person of the poor , nor favor the person of the mighty ; but in righteousness you shall judge your neighbor .
And she said , Drink , my lord . And she hurried and let down her pitcher on her hand and gave him a drink .
For do you not have houses to eat and to drink ? Or do you despise the church of God , and shame those who have not ? What do I say to you ? Shall I praise you for this ? I do not praise .
Then He said to the disciple , Behold , your mother ! And from that hour , the disciple took her into his own home .
The earth and all of its inhabitants are melting away ; I set firm its pillars . Selah .
And again the anger of Jehovah glowed against Israel , and moved David against them , to say , Go , number Israel and Judah .


Return , return , O Shulamite ! Return , return , that we may gaze upon you . What will you see in the Shulamite ? As it were the dance of two army camps .
By me kings reign , and princes decree righteousness .
The churches of Asia greet you . Aquila and Priscilla much greet you in the Lord , with the church in their house .
His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself , and he shall be held with the cords of his sin .
And they went up to the city . They were coming into the middle of the city , and , behold , Samuel was coming out to meet them , to go up to the high place .

Only on this condition will we consent to you ; If you will become like us , to have every male of you circumcised .
And you shall offer your burnt offerings , the flesh and the blood , on the altar of Jehovah your God ; and the blood of your sacrifices shall be poured out by the altar of Jehovah your God ; and you shall eat the flesh .

And they spoke to them in Shiloh , in the land of Canaan , saying , Jehovah commanded by the hand of Moses to give cities to us to live in , and their open land for our livestock .
You have today declared Jehovah to be your God , and to walk in His ways , and to keep His statutes and His commands , and His judgments , and to pay attention to His voice .
Ahaz was a son of twenty years when he began to reign , and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem ; and he did not do the right in the eyes of Jehovah his God , like his father David .
then you shall choose cities to be cities of refuge for you , so that the manslayer may flee there , he that kills a person through error .
And the slave-drivers of the people , and their overseers went out and spoke to the people , saying , Pharaoh has said this , I will not give you straw .
Jehovah lift up His face to you , and give you peace .
And He left the tabernacle of Shiloh ; the tent He dwelt in among men ;
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
and how the chief priests and our rulers delivered Him to the judgment of death , and crucified Him .
And they will fall by the mouth of the sword and will be led captive to all the nations . And Jerusalem will be trodden down by nations , until the times of the nations are fulfilled .
And He changes the times and the seasons ; He causes to pass away kings , and sets up kings ; He gives wisdom to the wise , and knowledge to those who know understanding .

And also , what are you to Me , Tyre and Sidon , and all the regions of Philistia ? Are you restoring repayment to Me ? And if you are repaying Me , I will turn your reward on your own head , swiftly , speedily ,
At Endor they were destroyed ; they became dung for the ground .
For this reason , so says Jehovah of Hosts , Behold , I will refine them and test them . For what else can I do because of the daughter of My people ?
And the fourth row : chrysolite , onyx and jasper . They shall be plaited with gold in their settings .
And he said , Give me the covering which is on you , and hold on to it . And she kept hold on it , and he measured six measures of barley , and lay it on her . And she went in to the city .
For I feared you , because you are an exacting man , taking what you did not lay down , and reaping what you did not sow .
And it happened on the seventh day , they rose early , at the dawning of the day , and went around the city seven times in the same way . Only on that day they circled the city seven times .
And the name of Abishur's wife was Abihail ; and she bore to him Ahban and Molid .
according to the gospel of the glory of the blessed God with which I was entrusted .
The word of Jehovah that was to the prophet against the Philistines , before Pharaoh struck Gaza .
Jehovah will judge the people . O Jehovah , according to my righteousness , and according to my integrity on me .
And now she is planted in the wilderness , in a dry and thirsty ground .
The yoke of my transgressions is bound by His hand , they intertwine , they rise on my neck . He caused my strength to falter . The Lord gave me into their hands . I am not able to rise up .
The man answered and said to them , For there is a marvel in this , that you do not know from where He is , and He opened my eyes .

And it happened when the Jews who lived near them came in , they said to us ten times , From all places where you shall return , they will be against us .
Take him and set your eyes on him . But do not do anything evil to him . But do with him even as he shall say to you .
And a man of God came to Eli , and said to him , So says Jehovah : Did I reveal Myself plainly to the house of your father when they were in Egypt , at the house of Pharaoh ,
And Jonathan answered and said to Adonijah , Truly our lord , king David , has caused Solomon to reign .
And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher , Beth-shean and its daughter-villages , and Ibleam and its daughter-villages , and the inhabitants of Dor and its daughter-villages , and the inhabitants of Endor and its daughter-villages , and the inhabitants of Taanach and its daughter-villages , and the inhabitants of Megiddo and its daughter-villages ; three regions .
And six branches shall go out from its sides , three branches of the lamp from its one side and three branches of the lampstand from its second side ;
For they have taken from their daughters for themselves , and for their sons . So the holy seed have mixed themselves with the people of the lands . Yes , the hand of the leaders and the overseers has been foremost in this treachery .
For the day of vengeance is to Jehovah , the year of repayments for Zion's cause .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Jehoiachin was a son of eighteen years when he began to reign and he reigned in Jerusalem three months ; and the name of his mother was Nehushta , the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem .
And she said to the slave , Who is this man walking in the field to meet us ? And the slave said , It is my master . And she took the veil and covered herself .
whether you will do with us evil , as we did not touch you , and as we did only good with you , and we sent you away in peace you now being blessed of Jehovah .
If I speak of strength , behold , He is mighty ; and if of judgment , who can summon me ?
If you have been foolish in lifting yourself up , or if you have thought evil , lay your hand on your mouth !
And he said , A word to you and to me ? And she said , Speak .
What shall I return to Jehovah for His benefits to me ?
He gives security to him , and he leans on it ; yet His eyes are on their ways .
And he judged Israel twenty three years . And he died and was buried in Shamir .
And these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron . The sons of Aaron were Nadab and Abihu , Eleazar and Ithamar .
And He said to them , O foolish ones , and slow of heart to believe on all things which the prophets spoke !

For seizing John , Herod bound him and put him into prison , because of Herodias , the wife of his brother Philip .
their camels four hundred and thirty five , their asses six thousand , seven hundred and twenty .
When the unclean spirit goes out from the man , he goes through dry places seeking rest . And not finding , he says , I will return to my house from where I came out .
And everyone having this hope on Him purifies himself even as that One is pure .
For even if I grieved you in the letter , I do not regret , if indeed I did regret , for I see that letter grieved you for an hour .
And the earth is profaned under its inhabitants , because they transgress laws and violate a statute , and break the everlasting covenant .
And they acted slyly , and they went and acted like envoys , and took old sacks for their asses , and old wineskins , even torn and bound up ;
But you are those continuing with Me in My temptation .
He settles the storm to a whisper , so that its waves are still ;
And Noah did so , according to all that God commanded him , so he did .
Their wine is the venom of serpents , and the cruel venom of asps .
Also I make a decree as to what you shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of that house of God , that the exact expense be given to these men from the king's property , out of the tax Beyond the River , so that they may not have to cease working .
There shall be no strange god among you ; nor shall you worship a foreign god .
and the woven garments , and the holy garments for Aaron the priest , and the garments of his sons , to minister as priests ;
For the scepter of wickedness shall not rest on the lot of the righteous ; that the righteous not put forth their hands to evil .
And all the Greeks having seized Sosthenes the ruler of the synagogue , they beat him before the tribunal . And not one of these things mattered to Gallio .
we shall find all precious goods ; we shall fill our houses with plunder ;

You have done these things , and I have kept silence ; you thought that surely I would be like you ; but I will rebuke you and set in order before your eyes .
And she who stood firm is uncovered and caused to go away ; and her slave girls are moaning like the sound of doves , beating on their breast .
For Gaza shall be forsaken , and Ashkelon a ruin . They shall drive Ashdod out at the noonday , and Ekron shall be rooted up .
And they came near to him and said , We will build sheepfolds here for our livestock , and cities for our little ones .

O Jehovah God , do not turn away the face of Your anointed ; remember the good deeds of Your servant David .
And we have such confidence through Christ toward God ;
And Cain knew his wife , and she conceived and bore Enoch . And he built a city , and he called the name of the city according to the name of his son , Enoch .
Because of this I also was much hindered from coming to you ,
And Sihon came out to meet us , he and all his people , to battle at Jahaz .
know now that God has overthrown me and His net has closed on me .
And from there I will give her vineyards to her , and the valley of Achor for a door of hope . And she shall answer there as in the days of her youth , and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt .
And the Lord said to Paul through a vision in the night , Do not fear , but speak , and do not keep silence ;
and Abishua fathered Bukki ; and Bukki fathered Uzzi ;
Sharp arrows of the mighty with coals of broom !
My mouth shall speak the praise of Jehovah ; and all flesh shall bless His holy name forever and ever .
And you were adorned with gold and silver . And your clothing was fine linen and silk and embroidered work . Fine flour and honey and oil you ate . And you were very , very beautiful . And you advanced to regal estate .
Worship Jehovah with gladness ; come before His face with joyful singing .
And the man Jeroboam was a mighty warrior . And Solomon saw the young man , that he was doing work . And he appointed him to all the burden of the house of Joseph .

And answering , he said , I will not . But afterward , feeling sorry , he went .
And I will make cease the noise of your songs . And the sound of your harps shall not be heard any more .
Unleavened bread shall be eaten the seven days . And leavened bread for you shall not be seen ; yea , no leaven shall be seen among you in all your boundaries .
And Zichri , a mighty one of Ephraim , killed Maaseiah the son of the king , and Azrikam the leader of the house , and Elkanah , second to the king .
On account of this snares are all around you , and suddenly dread troubles you ;
Were they ashamed when they made an abomination ? They were not at all ashamed , nor did they know to blush . So they shall fall among those who fall . At the time I visit them , they shall be cast down , says Jehovah .
And not only by his presence , but also by the comfort with which he was comforted over you , telling us your longing , your mourning , your zeal for me , so as for me to rejoice more .
The men of Anathoth , a hundred and twenty eight .
let them be always before Jehovah , so that He may cut off the memory of them from the earth ;
Therefore , they went out of the city and came to Him .
And Joseph saw the sons of Ephraim to the third generation . Also the sons of Machir the son of Manasseh were born on Joseph knees
And David answered and said , Behold , the king's spear ! And let one of the young men cross over and receive it .
And do not think to say within yourselves , We have a father , Abraham . For I say to you that God is able to raise up children to Abraham from these stones .

So they shall put My name on the sons of Israel , and I Myself will bless them .
And you shall make the boards for the tabernacle of acacia wood standing up .
And , behold ! Seven cows were going up from the River , beautiful of appearance and fat of flesh ; and they were eating in the reeds .

They said to Him , Caesar's . Then He said to them , Then give to Caesar the things of Caesar , and to God the things of God .
of Issachar , Nethaneel the son of Zuar ;
until I place Your enemies as a footstool of Your feet . "
Then we asked those elders , saying said this to them , Who commanded you to rebuild this house , and to complete this structure ?
I am Yours save me ; for I have sought Your precepts .
Jehovah will perfect His work in me ; O Jehovah , Your mercy endures forever ; You will not forsake the works of Your hands .
And all the silver and gold , and vessels of bronze and iron , they are holy to Jehovah ; they shall come into the treasury of Jehovah .
And Moses brought the sons of Aaron near , and clothed them with tunics , and girded them with girdles , and bound turbans on them , as Jehovah had commanded Moses .
And the land which I gave to Abraham and to Isaac , I will give it to you ; and after you I will give the land to your seed .
then went out of Jerusalem , to go into the land of Benjamin to receive a portion from there in the midst of the people .
And the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah , and all that he did , behold , they are written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Israel .
And the rulers of the hundreds did according to all that Jehoiada the priest commanded . And each man took his men , going in on the sabbath , with those going out on the sabbath , and came in to Jehoiada the priest .
Nor should you have stood on the crossways to cut off those of him who escaped , nor should you have shut up his survivors in the day of distress .
For the shameful thing has eaten up the labor of our fathers from our youth , their flocks and their herds , their sons and their daughters .
But if your right eye offends you , take it out and throw it from you , for it is profitable to you that one of your members should perish and all your body not be thrown into Hell .
Behold , I know your thoughts , and the plots you would wrongfully do against me ;
And he said to them , Jehovah is witness against you , and His anointed is witness this day , that you have not found anything in my hand . And they said , He is witness .
According to all the works that they have done from the day I brought them up out of Egypt , even to this day , when they forsook Me and served other gods , so they are also doing to you .
And the sons of Shimei : Jahath , Zina , and Jeush and Beriah ; these four the sons of Shimei .
and walked in the statutes of the nations that Jehovah had driven out from the face of the sons of Israel , and of the kings of Israel that they made .
Desolation is remaining in the city , and a ruin ; the gate is battered .
And you will be hated by all on account of My name . But the one enduring to the end , that one will be kept safe .
And Saul took the kingdom over Israel , and fought against all his enemies all around , with Moab , and with the sons of Ammon , and with Edom , and with the kings of Zobah , and with the Philistines , and wherever he turned , he put them to the worse .
and should sleep , and rise night and day ; and the seed should sprout and lengthen of itself , as he does not know .
And the rest of the acts of Manasseh , and his prayer to his God , and the things of the seers , who spoke to him in the name of Jehovah the God of Israel , behold , they are in the Book of the Kings of Israel ;
My flesh has shivered because of Your fear ; and I have feared Your judgments .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Cut out for yourself two tablets of stone , like the former . And I will write on the tablets the words which were on the former tablet , which you broke .
But in vain they worship Me , teaching as doctrines the ordinances of men . "
For , behold , I begin to bring evil on the city on which is called My name , and shall you be found entirely without guilt ? You shall not be without guilt . For I will call for a sword on all the inhabitants of the earth , says Jehovah of Hosts .
And entering into the boat , they were going across the sea to Capernaum . And darkness had already occurred , and Jesus had not come to them .
For the wicked boasts of his soul's desire , and he has blessed the covetous ; he has despised Jehovah .
Then coming , Jesus found him already being held in the tomb four days .
And he turned back with him and ate bread in his house and drank water .
And the chief priests and the scribes sought to lay hands on Him in the same hour . And they feared the people , for they knew that He told this parable against them .
one male of the goats for a sin offering .
From His dwellingplace He looks on all the inhabitants of the earth .
Should he reason with speech that is not useful , or with words having no profit in them ?
Jehovah kills , and keeps alive ; He brings down and causes to go to Sheol .
Then calling them in , he lodged them . And on the morrow Peter went out with them . And some of the brothers from Joppa accompanied him .
I repent that I made Saul reign as king , for he has turned back from following Me , and he has not risen to do my words . And Samuel was angry , and he cried to Jehovah all night .
And it was told to Abimelech that all the leaders of the tower of Shechem had gathered .
Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim ;
And the king lamented for Abner , and said , Should Abner die as it were like a fool ?
And the border in front of the rooms was one cubit ; and the border from here , one cubit . And the room was six cubits from here , and six cubits from there .


She has sent forth her hands on the distaff , and her palms have held the spindle .
But now , you also , put off all these things : wrath , anger , malice , evil-speaking , shameful speech out of your mouth .
young men and virgins too , old men and youths .
It is a night of celebration to Jehovah , for bringing them out from the land of Egypt . This night is a celebration for all the sons of Israel to their generations .
And they built , they also , high places for themselves , and standing pillars , and Asherahs on every high hill , and under every green tree .
I looked , and , behold ! There was no man , and all the birds of the skies had fled .
And passing by , He saw a man blind from birth .
Your ox shall be slaughtered before your eyes , and you shall not eat of it . Your ass shall be violently taken away from before you , and it will not be given back . Your sheep shall be given to your enemies , and you shall have no deliverer .
And the evil-appearing and leanfleshed cows were eating the seven cows of beautiful and fat appearance . And Pharaoh awoke .
And He sent forth arrows and scattered them ; lightning , and troubled them ;
If you keep My commandments you will continue in My love , as I have kept My Father's commandments and continue in His love .
and Ahab said to Obadiah , Go through the land to all the fountains of water , and to all the torrents ; perhaps we may find grass and keep alive horse and mule , and will not cut off any of the livestock .
And Kibzaim and its open lands , and Beth-horon and its open lands ; four cities .
And whatever the unclean person touches shall be unclean ; and the soul that touches it shall be unclean until evening .

And laid on his heart that he would not defile himself with the king's food , or with the wine of his drinking . So he asked of the chief of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself .

And Jacob went down into Egypt and expired , he and our fathers .
And anyone who lifts up their dead body shall wash his garments and shall be unclean until the evening ;
one golden pan of ten shekels full of incense ;
I have declared my ways , and You answered me ; teach me Your statutes .
And Peleg lived thirty years and fathered Reu .
In the same way also the second , and the third , until the seven .

But if you will not hear these words , I swear by Myself , says Jehovah , that this house shall become a ruin .

And Saul said to his young man , Your word is good ; come and we shall go . And they went into the city where the man of God was .
Jehovah keeps the simple ; I was low , but He saved me .
You have fornicated with the sons of Assyria without being satisfied . Yea , you fornicated and yet you were not satisfied .
So says the Lord Jehovah to Tyre : Shall not the coast lands shake at the sound of your fall , when the slain groan , in the slaying of the slaughter in your midst ?
I will come in the strength of the lord Jehovah ; I will speak of Your righteousness , of Yours alone .

Then I said , Ah , Lord Jehovah ! Behold , my soul has not been defiled . I have not even eaten a carcass or a torn animal , from my youth even until now . And unclean flesh has not come into my mouth .
And they found Adoni-bezek in Bezek , and fought against him , and struck the Canaanites and the Perizzites .
And he sacrifices oxen , and fatlings , and sheep in abundance , and has called all the king's sons , and Abiathar the priest and Joab the commander of the army . But he has not called to your servant Solomon .
saying , And you , son of man , take one stick to yourself and write on it , For Judah , and for his companions , the sons of Israel . And take another stick and write on it , For Joseph , the stick of Ephraim and all the house of Israel , his companions .
Reproach has broken my heart , and I am faint ; and I waited for one to show pity , but there was no one ; and for comforters , but I found none .
Will God hear his cry when distress comes upon him ?
Then Jesus said to them , Yet a little while the Light is with you . Walk while you have the Light , that darkness not overtake you . And the one walking in the darkness does not know where he is going .
and four faces were to each , and four wings to each of them ,
and Jehovah gave to me the two tablets of stone written with the finger of God , and on them was written according to all the words which Jehovah spoke with you in the mountain , out of the midst of the fire , in the day of the assembly ;
O that my ways were fixed to keep Your statutes !
And God said to Jonah , Is your anger rightly kindled over the plant ? And he said , My anger is rightly kindled , even to death .
And all the people of Judah took Azariah ( and he was a son of sixteen years ) , and they made him king instead of his father Amaziah .
But going down Paul fell on him , and embracing him , he said , Do not be terrified , for his soul is in him .
And it happened on the next day , He went into a city being called Nain . And many of His disciples went with Him ; also a great crowd .
Then were gathered the satraps , the prefects , the governors , the counselors , the treasurers , the judges , the justices , and all the officials of the provinces , to the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up . And they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up .
to appoint to those who mourn in Zion , to give them beauty instead of ashes , the oil of joy instead of mourning , the mantle of praise instead of the spirit of infirmity , so that one calls them trees of righteousness , the planting of Jehovah , in order to beautify Himself .
So also it has been written , " The " first " man " , Adam , " became a living soul ; " the last Adam a life-giving Spirit .

The proud have forged a lie against me ; I will keep Your precepts with all my heart .
So the Lord Jehovah says this : I will even break in My fury with a raging wind . And there shall be a flooding rain in My anger , and hailstones in fury , to consume it .

Test all things , hold fast to the good .
For go to the isles of Kittim and see , and send to Kedar , and carefully consider and see if there is any like this .
He helped His servant Israel in order to remember mercy ,
And Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation . And they came out and blessed the people ; and the glory of Jehovah appeared to all the people .
Then they coming together here , making no delay , sitting on the tribunal on the next day , I commanded the man to be brought ;
And he said , I am looking for my brothers . Please tell me where they are feeding .
And throwing him out of the vineyard , they killed him . Therefore , what will the Lord of the vineyard do to them ?
And the city entered into siege until the eleventh year of king Zedekiah ,

because whom He foreknew , He also predestinated to be conformed to the image of His Son , for Him to be the First-born among many brothers .
And the sons of Israel did evil again in the sight of Jehovah . And Jehovah made Eglon the king of Moab strong against Israel , because they had done evil in the sight of Jehovah .
If we only have hope in Christ in this life , we are of all men most miserable .
And he was driven from the sons of men . And his heart was made like the animals , and his home was with the wild asses . They fed him with grass like oxen , and his body was wet with the dew of the heavens , until he knew that the Most High God is Ruler in the kingdom of men , and that He appoints over it whomever He desires .
And Ahijah laid hold on the new garment on him and tore it into twelve pieces .
and for the altar of incense , refined gold by weight , and for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubs of gold , spreading out and covering over the ark of the covenant of Jehovah .
Only , Israel seized for themselves the livestock , and the plunder of the city , according to the word of Jehovah which He commanded Joshua .
Jehovah rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands , He has repaid me .
And I will bring you out from the peoples and gather you from the lands in which you are scattered among them with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm , and with fury poured out .
And coming up at once to Jesus , he said , Hail , Rabbi . And he ardently kissed Him .
And the rest of the beasts , their dominion was taken away . Yet length of life was given them for a season and a time .
And now , take and make one new cart , and two suckling cows , on which a yoke has never gone up . And you shall tie the cows to the cart , and cause their young ones to return home from them .
And having looked around at them all , He said to the man , Stretch out your hand ! And he did so . And his hand was restored sound as the other .
Truly the signs of the apostle were worked out among you in all patience , in miracles , and in wonders , and by works of power .
The sons of Reuel : Nahath , Zerah , Shammah , and Mizzah .
So says Jehovah , Behold , waters rise up out of the north and shall become an overflowing torrent . And it shall overflow the land and all its fullness ; the city , and those who dwell in it . Then the men shall cry , and all the people of the land shall wail .
and the rock badger , though it brings up the cud , yet it does not divide the hoof ; it is unclean to you ;
And one who had escaped came and told Abraham the Hebrew ; for he was living among the oaks of Mamre the Amorite , the brother of Eshcol and Aner . And these had a covenant with Abram .
Praise Him on the sounding cymbals ; praise Him with the resounding cymbals .
And Jehovah had appointed a great fish to swallow Jonah . And was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
For my good for me that I was afflicted , to learn Your statutes .
and Holon and its open lands , and Debir and its open lands ,
And going , they found as He had told them , and they prepared the passover .
The giants were in the earth in those days , and even afterwards when the sons of God came into the daughters of men , and they bore to them ; they were heroes which existed from ancient time , the men of name .
Hear me , O Jehovah , for Your mercy is good ; in the plentitude of Your tender mercies , turn toward me .
Jerusalem , Jerusalem , the one killing the prophets and stoning those sent to her . How often I desired to gather your children in the way a bird gathers her chicks under her wings ! And you did not desire it .
And other fell on the good ground ; and springing up , it produced fruit a hundredfold . Saying these things , He cried out , The one having ears to hear , let him hear .
Jehovah's counsel stands forever , the thoughts of His heart to all generations .
And a bronze helmet was on his head , and he was clothed with scaled body armor ; and the weight of the armor was five thousand shekels of bronze .
And Saul also went to his house , to Gibeah , and with him went the force whose hearts God had touched .
And it happened , when the army of the Chaldeans departed from Jerusalem because of Pharaoh's army ,
And Hiram came out from Tyre to see the cities that Solomon had given to him , and they were not right in his eyes .
For also you suffered together in my bonds ; and you accepted the seizure of your possessions with joy , knowing yourselves to have a better and abiding possession in Heaven .
And the one base had four wheels of bronze , and axles of bronze . And its four feet were supports to them ; under the basin were casted supports with wreaths at each side .
But in their sickness , my clothing was sackcloth ; I humbled my soul with fastings ; and my prayer returned to my bosom .
But desiring to show a favor to the Jews , answering Paul , Festus said , Do you desire to go up to Jerusalem to be judged before me there about these things ?
Damascus has become feeble ; she has turned to flee , and trembling has seized her ; anguish and sorrows have taken her like a woman in labor .
And all the people of the land rejoiced , and the city was quiet . And they put to death Athaliah by the sword .
And now Father , glorify Me with Yourself , with the glory which I had with You before the existence of the world .
And astonishment came on all . And they spoke with one another , saying , What word is this , that He commands the unclean spirits with authority and power , and they come out ?
And the king of Israel sent to the place of which the man of God spoke to him and warned him . And he protected himself there not once nor twice .
and it happened , from days to days , and as the time went out , the end of two years of days , his bowels went out because of his sickness ; so he died of painful diseases . And his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
And Tyre shall build a fortress for herself , and shall pile up silver like the dust , and gold like the mud of the streets .
And they shall spread a blue cloth on the table of the showbread , and shall put its dishes , and the spoons , and the bowls , and the cups of the drink offering , and the continual bread on it .
And John's messengers going away , He began to speak to the crowds about John : What did you go out to the wilderness to see ? A reed being shaken by the wind ?
And they do not say in their heart , Let us now fear Jehovah our God who gives both the former and the latter rain in its season ; He keeps for us the appointed weeks of the harvest .
And the eyes of Israel were heavy from age , he not being able to see . And he brought them near to him . And he kissed them and embraced them .
The sons of Gershon : Libni , and Shimei , by their families .

Also Vashti the queen made a banquet for the women in the royal house which king Ahasuerus owned .
And He did not stretch out His hand to the nobles of the sons of Israel . And they saw God , and they ate and drank .

then Aaron shall lay his two hands on the head of the living goat , and shall confess over it all the iniquities of the sons of Israel , and all their transgressions , and all their sins , and shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send it by the hand of a chosen man into the wilderness .
And Moses and Aaron came to the front of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And Amram's sons : Aaron and Moses ; also Miriam . And the sons of Aaron : Nadab , and Abihu , Eleazar , and Ithamar .
And be not conformed to this age , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind , in order to prove by you what is the good and pleasing and perfect will of God .
And Joab answered and said , Far be it ! Far be it from me that I should swallow up or destroy .
And for these shall be the holy heave offering for the priests : northward , twenty five thousand ; and westward , ten thousand cubits wide ; and eastward , ten thousand wide ; and southward , twenty five thousand cubits long . And the sanctuary of Jehovah shall be in its midst ,
he is a leprous man ; he is unclean . The priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean ; his plague is in his head .
He is known as one bringing axes in on high , against the thick trees .
Hold me up and I will be saved ; and I will always look to Your statutes .
All the day long he is gracious and lends , and his seed is for a blessing .
And he set before them , and they ate , and left some of it , according to the word of Jehovah .
And Eliakim and Shebna and Joah said to the chief of the cupbearers , Please speak to your servants in Aramaic , for we hear . But do not speak to us in Judean , in the ears of the people on the wall .
And her brother Absalom said to her , Has your brother Amnon been with you ? But now , my sister , keep silent . He is your brother . Do not set your heart on this thing . And Tamar lived in the house of her brother Absalom , but she was desolate .

I have said , You are gods , and all of you are sons of the Most High .
When my spirit faints within me , then You know my path ; they have hidden a snare for me in the path in which I walk .
look on everyone who is proud , and humble him , and trample the wicked in their place ;
For has said , I am righteous ; also , God has taken away my right ;
the one on the housetop , let him not come down to take anything out of his house ;
because the palace is forsaken ; the crowd of the city is forsaken ; mound and tower are instead caves , until forever ; a joy of wild asses ; pasture for flocks ;
You shall have olive trees in all your border , and you shall not anoint with oil ; for your olive shall fall off .
They cried to You , and were delivered ; they trusted in You , and were not ashamed .
And it shall be , as I have watched over them to pluck up , and to break down , and to throw down , and to destroy , and to bring calamity ; so I will watch over them to build , and to plant , says Jehovah .
Then the righteous will answer , saying , Lord , when did we see You hungry , and fed You ; or thirsting , and gave You drink ?
And the east border was the Salt Sea to the end of the Jordan ; and the border on the north side was from the bay of the sea at the end of the Jordan .
And I will punish all those who leap on the threshold in that day , who fill their masters' houses with violence and deceit .
And all the sons of Israel did as Jehovah commanded Moses and Aaron . So they did .
You shall not take the name of Jehovah your God in vain ; for Jehovah will not hold him guiltless who takes His name in vain .

And I will scatter you among nations , and shall draw out the sword after you , and your land shall become a waste , and your cities shall be a desolation .
saying , Prophesy to us , Christ . Who is the one that struck you ?

And when you ate , and when you drank , was it not for those eating , and for those drinking ?
And Jehovah said to Moses , Behold , your days are coming near to die . Call Joshua , and present yourselves at the tabernacle of the congregation , and I shall charge him . And Moses and Joshua went , and they presented themselves at the tabernacle of the congregation .
And Jesus went up into the mountain and sat there with His disciples .
And often it threw him both into fire and into water , that it might destroy him . But if You are able to do anything , help us , having pity on us .
And one from the crowd said to Him , Teacher , tell my brother to divide the inheritance with me .
For I will defend this city , to save it , for My own sake , and for My servant David's sake .

And now when this letter comes to you , and you have with you the sons of your lord , and chariots and horses are with you , and a fortified city , and armor ;
And they brought out horses from Egypt to Solomon , and from all the lands .
And if a man rises up to pursue you , and to seek your soul ( and the soul of my lord has been bound up in the bundle of life with Jehovah your God ) . And the souls of your enemies , He shall sling them from the hollow of the sling .
I am bent down , I am bowed down exceedingly ; I went mourning all the day long .

And the priest shall look upon him again the seventh day ; and , behold , if the plague has become dim , and the plague has not spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him clean ; it is a scab , and he shall wash his garments and shall be clean .
Those who live in the darkness , and in the shadow of death , being prisoners in affliction and iron ,
But the chief priests took counsel that they might put Lazarus to death also ,
Yet now be strong , O Zerubbabel , says Jehovah . And be strong , O Joshua , son of Jehozadak , the high priest . And be strong and work , all people of the land , says Jehovah . For I am with you , declares Jehovah of hosts ,
Did Hezekiah , king of Judah and all Judah indeed put him to death ? Did he not fear Jehovah and entreat the face of Jehovah ? And did not Jehovah repent of the evil which He had spoken against them ? So we are doing great evil against our souls .
And all the men of Israel were gathered to the king in the feast ; it was the seventh month .
For so Jehovah spoke to me with a strong hand , and taught me against walking in the way of this people , saying ,
It is sown a natural body , it is raised a spiritual body ; there is a natural body , and there is a spiritual body .
Distress and anguish have found me ; Your commands are my delight .
They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous , and condemn the blood of the innocent .
You shall not utter a false report ; You shall not put your hand with the wicked , to become a violent witness .
When my soul fainted within me , I remembered Jehovah ; and my prayer came to You , to Your holy temple .
And you shall not raise up for yourself any standing image , which Jehovah your God detests .
And those that encamp next to him shall be the tribe of Asher ; the ruler of the sons of Asher being Pagiel the son of Ocran .
You shall not make a graven image for you , any likeness of anything in the heavens above , or in the earth beneath , and in the waters from under the earth .

A lion has roared . Who will not fear ? The Lord Jehovah has spoken , who will not prophesy ?

Count the sons of Levi by their families , by their fathers' house . You shall number every male from a son of a month and upward .
Of Gershon is the family of the Libnites , and the family of the Shimites . These were the families of the Gershonites .
Two will be in the field ; the one will be taken and the other will be left .
And the men of the city went out and fought with Joab , and some of the people fell of David's servants . And Uriah the Hittite also died .
I will seek the lost , and I will return the banished . And I will bind up the broken , and I will make the weak strong . But I will destroy the fat and the strong , I will feed them with judgment .

Cause me to hear joy and gladness ; that the bones You have crushed may rejoice .
Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite , the head of the Reubenites , and thirty with him ;
Mercy and peace , and love be multiplied to you .
And Moses and Aaron and the ruler of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites by their families , and by their fathers' house ,
You that ride on white asses , you that sit on rich carpets , and you travelers on the way , sing out !
And he said , Blessed be Jehovah , the God of Israel , who has spoken with His mouth to my father David , and with His hands has fulfilled it , saying ,
But evil men and pretenders will go forward to worse , leading astray and being led astray .
and two turtledoves , or two young doves , which his hand can reach ; and one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
In that day the Lord will take away the beauty of the ankle bracelets , and the headbands , and the crescents ,
And there was not a man left in Ai and Bethel who had not gone out after Israel . And they left the city open , and chased Israel .


And in the fifth year you shall eat its fruit , that it may yield to you its increase ; I am Jehovah your God .
Faithful is the Word and worthy of all acceptance ;
Zaccur , Sherebiah , Shebaniah ,
And the men passed through the land , and mapped it by cities into seven parts , in a book . And they came to Joshua , to the camp at Shiloh .

in which you then walked according to the course of this world , according to the ruler of the authority of the air , the spirit now working in the sons of disobedience ,
observing your pure behavior in fear .
And Achish said , Did you not make raids today ? And David said , Against the south of Judah , and against the south of the Jerahmeelites , and to the south of the Kenites .

And the Angel of Jehovah said to Manoah , Let her take heed of all that I said to the woman ;

So I have not sinned against you , and you are doing me wrong to fight against me . Jehovah the Judge shall judge today between the sons of Israel and the sons of Ammon .
And his armorbearer saw that Saul was dead , and he also fell on his sword and died with him .

For the married woman was bound by law to the living husband ; but if the husband dies , she is set free from the law of the husband .

But now it has come upon you , and you faint . It touches you , and you are troubled .
Do not say , I will do to him as he has done to me ; I will repay each according to his work .
And Josiah lifted up to the sons of the people a flock of lambs and young goats , all for passover offerings , for everyone who was found , to the number of thirty thousand , and three thousand oxen ; these were from the king's substance .
After this Sennacherib the king of Assyria sent his servants to Jerusalem , ( and he was by Lachish , and all his power with him ) against Hezekiah the king of Judah , and against all Judah in Jerusalem , saying ,
And Elisha said to him , Take bow and arrows . And he took bow and arrows to himself .
Their inheritance was by lot , as Jehovah commanded by the hand of Moses , for the nine tribes , and the half tribe ;
He shall build a house for Me , and I shall establish his throne forever ;
And take silver and gold , and make crowns , and set on the head of Joshua , the son of Jehozadak , the high priest .
She watches the ways of her household , and does not eat the bread of idleness .
And if your foot causes you to offend , cut it off , for it is profitable for you to enter into life lame , than having two feet to be thrown into Hell , into the fire that cannot be put out ,
Jesus spoke all these things in parables to the crowds , and He did not speak to them without a parable ,
And He said to him , Rising up , go ! Your faith has cured you .
An evildoer gives heed to false lips ; a liar listens to a tongue of evil desire .
And Reuben spoke to his father , saying , You may kill my two sons if I do not bring him to you . Give him into my hand , and I will return him to you .
So pride enchains them ; violence covers them like a robe .
So I poured out My fury on them , because of the blood that they had poured out on the land , and for their idols by which they defiled it .
If you will not hear , and if you will not set it on your heart to give glory to My name , says Jehovah of hosts , then I will send the curse on you , and I will curse your blessings . And indeed , I have cursed it , because you are not setting it on your heart .
And you answered and said to me , We have sinned against Jehovah ; we shall go up , and we shall fight , according to all that which Jehovah our God has commanded us . And you each one girded on his weapons of war , and you thought it easy to go up to the hill country .
And now , O Jehovah our God , we pray to You , save us out of his hand , and all the kingdoms of the earth shall know that You are Jehovah God , You alone .
But when the assembly is gathered , you shall blow , but you shall not sound an alarm .
And a likeness was over the heads of the living creature , an expanse like the color of awesome crystal , stretched out over their heads from above .
And Joshua , and all Israel with him , took Achan the son of Zerah , and the silver , and the robe , and the wedge of gold , and his sons , and his daughters , and his oxen , and his ass , and his flock , and his tent , and all that he had . And they made them go up to the valley of Achor .
So Jehovah says this : I have returned to Jerusalem with compassions ; My house shall be built in it , says Jehovah of hosts , and a line shall be stretched over Jerusalem .
And he said , Go out and stand on the mountain before Jehovah . And , behold , Jehovah passed by , and a great and strong wind tearing the mountains and breaking the rocks in bits before Jehovah ! Jehovah was not in the wind . And after the wind was an earthquake , but Jehovah was not in the earthquake .
For the violence of Lebanon shall cover you , and the ruin of beasts shall terrify them because of the blood of men and the violence of the land , the city , and all those dwelling in it .
And you shall go up , you shall come like a storm ; you shall be like a cloud to cover the land , you and all your bands , and many peoples with you .

For what glory is it if you patiently endure while sinning and being buffeted ? But if you are suffering while doing good , and patiently endure , this is a grace from God .
My haters have hunted me like a bird without cause .
And leaving all , rising up he followed Him .
For I have heard the slander of many ; fear is all around ; because of their plottings together against me , they planned to take away my life .
I have seen the wicked ruthless , even spreading himself out like a luxuriant , native tree ;

And he was a son of thirty two years when he began his reign . And he reigned eight years in Jerusalem
Do not kill them , lest my people forget ; scatter them by Your power and bring them down , O Jehovah our shield .
And he hired a hundred thousand mighty ones out of Israel , with a hundred talents of silver .
But the one doing the truth comes to the Light , that his works may be revealed , that they exist , having been worked in God .
He dying on our behalf , so that whether we watch or we sleep , we may live together with Him .
And the woman was clothed in purple and scarlet , and being gilded with gold and precious stone and pearls , having a golden cup in her hand , filled with abominations and unclean things of her fornication .
But the people still sacrificed in the high places , only to Jehovah their God .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , Consider and call for the wailers , that they may come . And send for the wise women , that they may come .
You shall not be violent toward an alien . You shall not oppress him , for you were aliens in the land of Egypt .
And after he buried his father , Joseph returned to Egypt , he and his brothers , and all those going up with him to bury his father .
For so says Jehovah , We have heard a sound of trembling , of dread , and not of peace .
And You have given to me the shield of Your salvation ; and Your condescension has made me great .
Yet hear the word of Jehovah , women . And let your ear receive the word of His mouth , and teach your daughters a lament , and each one her neighbor a dirge .
And they divided the land to themselves , to pass over into it ; Ahab went in one way by himself , and Obadiah went in another way by himself .
They made a calf in Horeb , and fell down before the casted image ;
But Amaziah would not listen , and Jehoash the king of Israel went up ; and they looked one another in the face , he and Amaziah the king of Judah , in Beth-shemesh of Judah .
And David built an altar there to Jehovah , and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings , and called to Jehovah ; and He answered him with fire from the heavens on the altar of the burnt offering .
And answered and said , So is this people , and so is this nation before Me , declares Jehovah . And so is every work of their hands ; and that which they offer there is unclean .
And there was found in Achmetha , in the palace that is in the province of the Medes , a scroll . And in it was a record written thus :
perceiving this , they fled to the cities of Lycaonia , Lystra and Derbe , and the surrounding country .
Jehovah sits upon the flood ; yea , Jehovah sits as King forever .
Can you find out God by searching ? Or can you find out the end of the Almighty ?
A little to the righteous is better than the abundance of many wicked .
And all the people shall know , Ephraim and the inhabitants of Samaria , who say in pride and greatness of heart ,
also , Watchtower ; for he said , May Jehovah watch between you and me , for we are hidden , when we are out of sight , each from his neighbor .
And the capitals were on the two pillars , also above , over against the belly which was by the lattice ; and the pomegranates were two hundred in rows all around on the other capital .
They looked to Him and were filled with light ; and their faces were not ashamed .
And the inscription of His charge was written over Him , THE KING OF THE JEWS .
The burden of the word of Jehovah against the land of Hadrach , and its resting place , Damascus , ( when the eye of man , and all the tribes of Israel shall be toward Jehovah ) ,
The same hour the thing was fulfilled on Nebuchadnezzar . And he was driven from men , and he ate the grass like oxen , and his body was wet with the dew of the heavens , until his hair had grown like eagles' feathers , and his nails like birds' claws .
And why are you anxious about clothing ? Consider the lilies of the field , how they grow . They do not labor nor do they spin ,
You have seen , for You take note of mischief and vexation , to repay with Your hand . The poor leaves himself to You ; You are the helper of the orphan .
And they struck His head with a reed , and spat at Him . And placing the knees , they bowed to Him .
before your evil was uncovered , as at the time of the reproach of Syria's daughters and all the ones around her , the daughters of the Philistines who hated you from all around .

And if he does not wash them , nor bathe his flesh , then he shall bear his iniquity .
And he said , Come in , blessed of Jehovah ! Why are you standing outside ? I have prepared the house and a place for the camels .
And when they saw him , the sons of the prophets across in Jericho , then they said , The spirit of Elijah has rested on Elisha . And they came to meet him , and bowed to the earth to him .
who also made us able ministers of a new covenant , not of letter , but of Spirit . For the letter kills , but the Spirit makes alive .
Until when will you turn to and fro , O faithless daughter ? For Jehovah has created a new thing in the land : a woman shall enclose a man .
And he brought out the Asherah from the house of Jehovah to the outside of Jerusalem , to the torrent Kidron , and burned it at the torrent Kidron , and ground it to powder , and threw the powder of it on the graves of the sons of the people .
So shall your poverty come as one walking , and your need like an armed man .
I am a debtor both to Greeks and to foreigners , both to wise , and to foolish ,
And if the bright spot stays in its place , and does not spread in the skin , but is somewhat faded , it is a swelling of the burning ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean . for it is a scar of the burning .
even we heard this voice being borne out of Heaven , being with Him in the holy mountain ,
As He was speaking , they came from the synagogue ruler saying , Your daughter has died . Why do you still trouble the Teacher ?
And whom have you dreaded and feared ? You have lied and have not remembered Me , not laying it on your heart . Have I not been silent , even from forever , and you have not feared Me ?
And the king of Egypt made his brother Eliakim king over Judah and Jerusalem , and turned about his name to Jehoiakim ; and Necho took his brother Jehoahaz and brought him to Egypt .
And You said , I will surely deal well with you , and I will make your seed like the sand of the sea , which cannot be numbered for multitude .

And Jokshan fathered Sheba and Dedan . And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim , and Letushim and Leummim .
And Peter said to her , Why was it that it was agreed with you to tempt the Spirit of the Lord ? Behold , the feet of those burying your husband at the door ! Yea , they will carry you out .
And there was Mary Magdalene and the other Mary , sitting across from the grave .
What is this word which he said , You will seek Me and will not find Me , and , Where I am , you are not able to come ?
And Caleb said , He who strikes the City of Sepher , and captures it , I shall give my daughter Achsah to him for a wife .
And he who blasphemes the name of Jehovah shall certainly be put to death . All the congregation shall certainly cast stones at him . As to the alien , so to a native , when he blasphemes the Name , he is to be put to death .
And the king and Haman came to the banquet of queen Esther .
and the snuffers , and the bowls , and the spoons , and the firepans , of pure gold ; and the entrance to the house , its innermost doors to the Holy of Holies , and the doors of the house to the temple , of gold .
who devises evil things in the heart ; they gather wars all the day .
And it happened after some time , the sons of Ammon fought with Israel .
And Moses and Aaron assembled the congregation before the rock . And he said to them , Hear now , you rebels , shall we bring forth water to you out of this rock ?

Then they reviled him and said , You are a disciple of that one , but we are disciples of Moses .

And the people scattered in all the land of Egypt to pick up stubble for straw .
And it happened at evening time , David rose up from his bed and walked up and down on the roof of the king's house . And he saw from the roof a woman bathing . And the woman was very good of form .


And He sent them to proclaim the kingdom of God , and to heal the ones being sick .


He who walks uprightly and works righteousness , and speaks the truth in his heart .
And the Commander of the army of Jehovah said to Joshua , Take your shoe off your foot , for the place on which you are standing is holy . And did so .
And suddenly , looking around , they saw no one any longer , but Jesus alone with themselves .
Ascribe strength to God over Israel ; His majesty and His strength in the skies .
O daughter of Babylon , O destroyed one ! Blessed is he who shall repay to you your reward which you rewarded to us .
And the woman rose up and did according to the word of the man of God . And she and her household went and stayed in the land of the Philistines seven years .
One troubling his house inherits the wind ; and the fool is servant to the wise of heart .
For whoever gives you a cup of cold water to drink in My name , because you are of Christ , truly I say to you , In no way he will lose his reward .
But the Pharisees and the lawyers set aside God's counsel as to themselves , not being baptized by him .
The righteousness of Your testimonies is everlasting ; make me know and I will live .
Then they will deliver you up to affliction , and will kill you , and you will be hated by all nations for My name's sake .

Then seeing what miracle Jesus did , the men said , This is truly the Prophet , the one coming into the world .
Be still and know that I am God ! I will be exalted among the nations ; I will be exalted in the earth .
Behold , we are going up to Jerusalem , and the Son of man will be betrayed to the chief priests and scribes . And they will condemn Him to death .
Shall any teach God knowledge , since He shall judge the exalted ?
And when the season of the fruits came , he sent his slaves to the vinedressers to receive his fruits .
And Hezekiah himself had stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon , and had directed them beneath the west of the city of David ; and Hezekiah prospered in all his work .
So you shall say to them , So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel : Drink , and be drunk , and vomit , and fall , and do not rise up , because of the sword which I will send among you .
a day of darkness and gloominess , a day of clouds and thick darkness , as the dawn spread out on the mountains , a great and a strong people . There has never been the like , nor shall there ever be again to the years of many generations ;
And answering , Jesus said , Allow it until this . And touching his ear , He healed him .
So you also , when you see these things happening , know that it is near , at the doors .
And Jehovah , the God of their fathers , sent to them by the hand of His messengers , rising early and sending , for He had pity on his people and on His dwelling place .
Many things have You done , O Jehovah my God ; Your works of wonder and Your purposes toward us ; there is none to set in order to You ; I will declare and I will speak ; they are more than can be counted .
And Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead , and she rose up and spoke to destroy all the seed of the kingdom of the house of Judah .

When I went up into the mountain to receive the tablets of stone , tablets of the covenant which Jehovah cut with you , and I remained in the mountain forty days and forty nights ( I did not eat bread nor did I drink water ) ,
And by covetousness , with well-turned words , they will use you for gain , for whom judgment of old does not linger , and their destruction does not slumber .
And the king fashioned the algum trees into steps for the house of Jehovah , and for the king's house , and lyres and harps for singers . and there was none like these before in the land of Judah .
For so says the high and lofty One who inhabits eternity , and His name is Holy : I dwell in the high and holy place , even with the contrite and humble of spirit ; to make live the spirit of the humble and to make live the heart of the contrite ones .

They make the king glad with their evil , and the rulers with their lies .
And He said to me , Son of man , dig now in the wall . And I dug in the wall ; and , behold , an opening !
and his brothers , rulers of the fathers , two hundred and forty two . And Amashai the son of Azareel , the son of Ahasai , the son of Meshillemoth , the son of Immer ,
when He comes to be glorified in His saints , and to be admired in all those who believe in that Day , because our testimony to you was believed .
For He tore Israel from the house of David , and they made Jeroboam the son of Nebat king ; and Jeroboam lured Israel from following Jehovah , and caused them to sin a great sin .
For where your treasure is , there your heart will be also .
Then the Devil left Him . And behold ! Angels came near and ministered to Him .
Then I went down to the potter's house , and behold , he was working a work on the wheel .
because you transgressed toward Me among the sons of Israel at the Waters of Strife in Kadesh , in the wilderness of Zin ; because you did not sanctify Me in the midst of the sons of Israel .
And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea ; when one looks to the land , and lo , darkness ! Distress ! And light shall be darkened by its clouds .
And they came to their father Reuel ; and he said , Why have you hurried to come today ?

I will whistle for them and gather them , for I have redeemed them . And they shall multiply as they were multiplied .
As the apple among the trees of the forest , so is my Beloved among the sons . I delighted in His shadow , and I sat down ; and His fruit was sweet to my taste .
And after he fathered Nahor , Serug lived two hundred years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
And the foolish said to the wise , Give us some of your oil , for our lamps are going out .
O Jehovah , incline Your ear and hear ; O Jehovah , open Your eyes and see ; and hear the words of Sennacherib with which he has sent him to reproach the living God .
You shall be to the fire for food . Your blood shall be in the midst of the land . You shall not be remembered . For I , Jehovah , have spoken .
so that I may not seem to frighten you by letters .
All numbered of the camp of Judah were a hundred and eighty six thousand and four hundred , by their armies . They shall set forth first .
By this the love of God was revealed in us , because His Son , the Only begotten , God has sent into the world that we might live through Him .
Therefore , many of the Jews read this title , because the place where Jesus was crucified was near the city . And it had been written in Hebrew , in Greek , in Latin .
And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai : Jether and Jonathan ; and Jether died without sons .
What man is he who fears Jehovah ? He teaches him the way he should choose .
And he spoke three thousand proverbs , and his songs were a thousand and five .
Do not turn to the right hand or to the left ; turn your foot aside from evil .
Surely He has borne our sicknesses , and He carried our pain ; yet we esteemed Him plagued , smitten by God , and afflicted .
Every male among the priests shall eat it ; it shall be eaten in the holy place . It is most holy .
But hearing these things , he became very much grieved , for he was exceedingly rich .
And taking the seven loaves and the fish , giving thanks , He broke and gave to His disciples , and the disciples to the crowd .
Deliver the poor and needy ; save out of the hand of the wicked .
so that might be fulfilled that spoken by Isaiah the prophet , saying :
Each man of you shall revere his mother and his father , and keep My sabbaths ; I am Jehovah your God .
And the skin of the bullock , and all its flesh with its head , and with its legs , and the inward parts , and its dung ,
And behold , a certain prophet came near to Ahab the king of Israel , and said , So says Jehovah , Have you seen all this great multitude ? Behold I am going to give it into your hand today , and you shall know that I am Jehovah .
And I will sanctify My great name which was profaned among the nations , which you profaned among them . And the nations shall know that I am Jehovah , declares the Lord Jehovah , when I am sanctified in you in their eyes .
And God said to him , I am God Almighty ; be fruitful and multiply . A nation and a company of nations shall be from you . And kings shall go forth from your loins .
My soul thirsts for God , for the living God ; when shall I come and appear before God ?
Riches do not profit in the day of wrath , but righteousness delivers from death .
Therefore , when you do merciful deeds , do not trumpet before you as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets , so that they may be glorified by men . Truly I say to you , they have their reward .
And after he is cleansed , they shall count seven days for him .
And recognizing Peter's voice , from joy she did not open the porch , but running in she reported Peter was standing before the porch .
On me , O God , are Your vows ; I will render to You thank offerings .

The firstfruits of all that is in their land , which they bring in to Jehovah shall be yours ; every clean one in your house shall eat it ;
they conceive mischief and generate evil ; and their belly prepares deceit .
And in that day I will separate the land of Goshen with My people resting on it , that there be no swarms of flies , so that you may know that I am Jehovah in the midst of the earth .
And of Asher , going out to the army to set in order the battle were forty thousand .
And will You execute this people as one man ? Then the nations who have heard Your fame will speak , saying ,

Do we begin again to commend ourselves ? Or do we , as some , need commendatory letters to you , or commendatory ones from you ?
and a tenth part of flour mixed with oil as a food offering for the one lamb ; a burnt offering , a soothing fragrance , a fire offering to Jehovah ;
Give back to her as also she gave back to you , and double to her double , according to her works . In the cup which she mixed , mix to her double .
You will contend with her by driving her away , by sending her away . He shall take away by His harsh wind , in the day of the east wind .
And the Lord said , Who then is the faithful and wise steward whom the lord will set over his house servants , to give the portion of food in season ?
Now I will sing to my Beloved a song of my Beloved concerning His vineyard : My Beloved has a vineyard in a fruitful horn .
And , behold , seven other cows were going up after them , poor and very evil of form , and lean of flesh ; I have not seen any like them in all the land of Egypt for badness .
Truly , then , all the Jews know my way of life from youth , which from the beginning had been in my nation in Jerusalem ,
The twenty first to Hothir , his sons and his brothers .
And they shall eat the flesh in this night , roasted with fire , and they shall eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs .

And Heber the Kenite had broken away from the Kenites , he being of the children of Hobab , the father-in-law of Moses . And he pitched his tent by the oak in Zaanaim , near Kedesh .
And a certain slave of a centurion , one dear to him , having illness , was about to expire .
Hezrai the Carmelite ; Paarai the Arbite ;
Mishmannah , the fourth ; Jeremiah , the fifth ;
And among the sons of the priests , these were found who had dwelt with foreign women : From the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak and his brothers : Maaseiah , and Eliezer , and Jarib , and Gedaliah .
All that are homeborn shall do these things in this way , in bringing in an offering made by fire , of a soothing fragrance to Jehovah .
When Pharaoh speaks to you , saying , Give a miracle for yourselves , you shall say to Aaron , Take your staff and throw it before Pharaoh ; and let it become a snake .
And he said , Cursed be Canaan . He shall be a slave of slaves to his brothers .

Your eyes have seen the great trials , the signs , and those great miracles .
( For the earth drinking in the rain often coming upon it , and producing plants fit for those for whom it is also worked , receives blessing from God ;
Therefore , Jesus said to the Twelve , Do you also wish to go ?
And Hezekiah lay with his fathers . And his son Manasseh reigned in his place .
And in these days prophets came down from Jerusalem to Antioch .
And I fed the flock of slaughter , the truly poor of the flock . And I took two staffs for Myself : the one I called Kindness , and the other I called Union . And I fed the flock .
Shimei of Ramah was over the vineyards . Zabdi the Shiphmite was over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars .
And they will come from the cities of Judah , and from the places about Jerusalem , and from the land of Benjamin , and from the lowland , and from the mountains , and from the south , bringing burnt offerings , and sacrifices , and grain offerings , and incense , and bringing sacrifices of thanksgiving to the house of Jehovah .

For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from a son of twenty years and above ,
And you shall speak to all the wise-hearted whom I have filled with a spirit of wisdom ; and they shall make the garments of Aaron to sanctify him for his serving as priest to Me .

All these were the sons of Asher , heads of their fathers' house , choice , mighty warriors , heads of the rulers . And their enrollment in the warfare in the battle , their number was twenty six thousand men .
I am the True Vine , and My Father is the Vinedresser .
But answering , he said to the father , Behold , so many years I serve you , and never have I transgressed a command of you . And you never gave a goat to me , so that I might be merry with my friends .
It cannot be weighed against the gold of Ophir , against precious onyx , or sapphire ;
And you shall take them for inheritance to your sons after you , to hold for a possession ; you may lay service on them forever . But on your brothers , the sons of Israel , one over another , you shall not rule over him with severity .
Then king Belshazzar was greatly troubled , and his face was changing on him , and his nobles were perplexed .
And it burned to David , for Jehovah had broken a breach against Uzza ; and he called that place , The Breach of Uzza to this day .
Every thing which Jehovah was pleased to do , He did , in the heavens and in the earth ; and in the seas and all deep places .
And you , tower of the flock , the hill of the daughter of Zion , it shall happen to you . And the rulers , the chief ones , shall come , the kingdom of the daughter of Jerusalem .
Behold , all who use proverbs shall use this proverb against you , saying , As the mother , so is the daughter .

On what were its bases sunk ? Or who cast its cornerstone ,
And he said , I am not able to go back with you , and to go in with you , nor may I eat bread or drink water with you in this place ;
but you shall fear Jehovah your God , and He shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies .
The men of Michmas were a hundred and twenty two .
One basket had very good figs , like first ripe figs . And the other basket had very bad figs which could not be eaten from their badness .
And you shall place them in the tabernacle of the congregation , before the testimony , where I shall meet with you .
And they were assembled against Moses and against Aaron , and said to them , You take too much ! For all the congregation , all of them are holy , and Jehovah is among them . Why then do you lift up yourselves above the assembly of Jehovah ?
And these are the numbered ones of the Levites by their families : of Gershon , the family of the Gershonites ; of Kohath , the family of the Kohathites ; of Merari , the family of the Merarites .
and from the Arabah to the sea of Chinneroth on the east , and to the sea of the Arabah , even the Salt Sea , eastward , the way to Beth-jeshimoth ; and on the south under the Slopes of Pisgah ;
He came for a witness , that he might witness concerning the Light , that all might believe through Him .
and he stood and blessed all the congregation of Israel with a loud voice , saying ,
And I saw the dead , the small and the great , standing before God . And books were opened . And another Book was opened , which is the Book of Life . And the dead were judged out of the things written in the books , according to their works .
And on your knowledge the weak brother will fall , he for whom Christ died .
And said to the sons of Israel , Until when will you fail to go in to possess the land which He , Jehovah the God of your fathers , has given to you ?
And He did not look to Cain and to his offering . And Cain glowed greatly with anger , and his face fell .
And he who smites an animal to death shall repay it ; and he who smites a man to death shall be put to death .
And they took the pots , and the shovels , and the snuffers , and the spoons , and all the vessels of bronze with which they ministered .

You ask , and do not receive , because you ask wrongly , in order that you may spend on your lusts .
Then I heard a certain holy one speaking , and another holy one said to that one who spoke , Until when is the vision , the regular sacrifice and the desolating transgression , to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trampled ?
For who is greater , the one serving , or the one reclining ? Is it not the one reclining ? But I am in your midst as One serving .
in that you built your mound in the head of every highway , and you make your high place in every open place ; yet you have not been as a prostitute , even scorning wages .

And answering , one of them whose name was Cleopas , said to Him , Are you only one who resides in Jerusalem and do not know the things happening in it in these days ?
and to the masons , and the stone cutters , and to buy wood and cut stone to strengthen the breach of the house of Jehovah ; and for all that went out on the house , to make it strong .

of Zebulun , Eliab the son of Helon ;
For if you will carefully keep this command which I am commanding you , to do it , to love Jehovah your God , to walk in all His ways , and to cleave to Him ,
And Elisha the prophet called to one of the sons of the prophets and said to him , Gird up your loins and take this vial of oil in your hand , and go to Ramoth-gilead .
Then the Jews argued with one another , saying , How can this one give us his flesh to eat ?
Jehovah repented concerning this : It shall not be , says Jehovah .
Speak to Rehoboam the son of Solomon the king of Judah , and to all the house of Judah , and Benjamin , and the rest of the people , saying ,
O Jehovah , bless his strength , and accept the work of his hands . Dash the loins of those rising against him , those who hate him , that they may not rise !
They shall rejoice in Your name always ; and they are exalted in Your righteousness .
Also I have given a decree that whoever shall change this word , let timber be torn out from his house , and let him be impaled and hanged on it . And let his house be made an outhouse for this .
And he took and gave the testimony into the ark . And he put the poles on the ark . And he gave the mercyseat on the ark from above .
And the word of Jehovah was to me in the ninth year , in the tenth month , in the tenth of the month , saying ,
a generation pure in its own eyes , and yet not washed from its own filth .
For now we see through a mirror in dimness , but then face to face . Now I know in part , but then I will fully know even as I also was fully known .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah ; he did not turn aside from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who caused Israel to sin .


And he shall wash the inward parts and the legs with water , and the priest shall bring near all of it and burn it as incense on the altar ; it is a burnt offering , a fire offering of soothing fragrance to Jehovah .
Six days you shall labor , and shall do all your work ,
O Jehovah , I have remembered Your name in the night and have kept Your law .
And answering , Jesus said to them , With respect to your hardheartedness he wrote this command to you .

Eluzai , and Jerimoth , and Bealiah , and Shemariah , and Shephatiah the Haruphite ;
Their widows are more numerous about Me than the sand of the seas . I have brought for them a ravager at noonday against the mother of a young man ; I caused anguish and terror to fall on her suddenly .
his offering : one silver dish , its weight a hundred and thirty , one silver basin of seventy shekels according to the sanctuary shekel , both of them full of flour mixed with oil for a food offering ;
But I was willing to do nothing without your consent , that your good might not be by way of necessity , but by way of willingness .
If you will not take heed to do all the words of this law written in this book , to fear this glorious and fearful Name , Jehovah your God ,
Observe the heavens , and see ; and behold the clouds , they are higher than you .
I also will laugh in your calamity , I will mock when your dread comes ;
For the sons of Athaliah , the wicked one , have broken up the house of God , and also they have prepared all the holy things of the house of Jehovah for the Baals .
even as it has been written , " God gave to them a spirit of slumber , eyes not seeing and ears not hearing " until this day .
And we shall take ten men of a hundred of all the tribes of Israel , and a hundred of a thousand , and a thousand of ten thousand , to take food for the people , that they may act when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin , according to all the folly which it has done in Israel .
To whom then will you compare Me , or am I equaled , says the Holy One ?
I suffer from desolation ; my heart is sick within me , beyond grief .
the son of Dekar in Makaz and in Shaalbim , and Beth-shemesh , and Elon-beth-hanan ;
They spend their days in good , and in a moment go down to Sheol .
Cursed is the man who makes a carved and molten image an abomination to Jehovah , the work of a craftsman's hands , and who sets it up in a secret place ! And all the people shall answer and say , Amen !
Your wealth and your treasures I will give for prey , not for price , but for all your sins , even in all your borders .
who struck great nations , and killed mighty kings ;
And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked ; and behold , the multitude had melted away ; and they went , even here and there .
And they pressed on him until he was ashamed . And he said , Send . And they sent fifty men , and they sought three days and did not find him .
After this , Judas the Galilean rose up in the days of the Registration . And he drew considerable people after him . Yet that one perished , and all were scattered , as many as obeyed him .

And looking up , He saw the rich ones putting their gifts into the treasury .
A wise son makes a glad father , but a foolish man despises his mother .
And that shall remove the ashes of the altar , and shall spread over it a purple cloth ;
And he said , So says Jehovah , Make this valley full of ditches .
For nothing is hidden which will not be revealed , nor secret which will not be known and come to be revealed .
Behold , they are all evil ; their works are nothing ; their images are wind and vanity .
The law of Jehovah is perfect , converting the soul . The testimony of Jehovah is sure , making the simple wise .
For you are not the ones speaking , but the Spirit of your Father who speaks in you .
And he said to him . Did not my heart go out when the man turned from his chariot to meet you . Is it a time to take silver , and to take garments and olives , and vineyards , and flock , and herd , and male slaves , and slave-girls ?
Also , when I cry out and shout for help , He shuts out my prayer .

He causes the grass to grow for the livestock and plants for the service of man , to bring food out of the earth .
When your fathers tempted Me , they tested Me and they saw My work .
Behold , I will send a spirit into him , and he shall hear a rumor , and return to his own land . And I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land .
Am I a sea , or a sea-monster , that You set a watch over me ?
The sword shall bereave from without , and terror from within , both the young man and the virgin , the suckling with the man of gray hairs .

He who is far off shall die by the plague , and he who is near shall fall by the sword , and he who remains and is besieged shall die by the famine . So I will fulfill My fury on them .
The sons of Laadan , sons of the Gershonites ; heads of the fathers of Laadan the Gershonite : Jehieli ;

Your way and your doings have done these things to you ; this is your evil , because it is bitter , because it reaches to your heart .
And on the second day the chief of the fathers of all the people , the priests , and the Levites , were gathered to Ezra the scribe even to understand the words of the Law .
And Moses heard and fell on his face .
A Psalm of David . O Jehovah , I cry to You ; hasten to me ; hear my voice when I cry to You .
that Moses commanded the Levites who bore the ark of the covenant of Jehovah , saying ,
And she said , Please let me glean , and I shall gather among the sheaves after the reapers . And she came and has remained since morning , even until now . She sat in the house a little while .

And king Solomon shall be blessed , and the throne of David shall be established before Jehovah forever .
And Herod the king heard , for His name became publicly known . And he said , John the Baptist has been raised from the dead , and because of this the works of power operate in him .

And the sons of Hananiah : Pelatiah and Jesaiah ; the sons of Rephaiah , the sons of Arnan , the sons of Obadiah , the sons of Shechaniah .
but you shall not build the house , for your son who comes forth out of your loins , he shall build the house for My name .
And all the elders of Israel came in , and the Levites lifted up the ark ,
And they lived from Havilah to Shur , which is facing Egypt as you come toward Assyria ; he settled facing all his brothers .
Their idols are silver and gold , the work of man's hands ;
And Jehovah said to Moses , This thing which you have spoken I will do . For you have found favor in My eyes , and I know you by name .
But he said to her , You speak as one of the foolish ones speak . Also , shall we receive good at the hand of God , and shall we not receive evil ? In all this did not sin with his lips .
And it was given to her that she be clothed in fine linen , pure and bright ; for the fine linen is the righteousnesses of the saints .
And you shall love the alien , for you were aliens in the land of Egypt .
And Moses said to Aaron , Take the fire-pan , and put fire on it from the altar , and lay on incense , and go , hurry to the congregation , and atone for them , for the wrath has gone out from the presence of Jehovah ; the plague has begun .
For had said , Let them take a cake of figs and rub it on the ulcer , and he will live .

And there are also many things , whatever Jesus did , which if they were written singly , I suppose the world itself could not contain the books having been written . Amen .
And taking a child , He set it in their midst , and having embraced it , He said to them ,
A Song of Ascents . Out of the depths I have called You , O Jehovah .
They were near the household of Micah , and they recognized the young man's voice , the Levite . And they turned in there , and said to him , Who has brought you here ? And what are you doing in this place ? And what have you here ?
Son of man , speak to the sons of your people and say to them : When I bring the sword on it , on a land , and take one man from the people of the land , their borders , and set him for a watchman to them ,
He swallows the ground with quivering and trembling , and he does not stand still for the sound of the ram's horn .
He will go in safely , even into the rich places of the province . And he shall do what his fathers have not done , nor his fathers' fathers . He shall plunder and spoil and scatter goods among them . And he shall devise his plots against the strongholds , even for a time .
And he sent horses and chariots there , and a heavy army . And they came in by night and surrounded the city .
The cords of the wicked encircle me ; I have not forgotten Your law .
Also give to Your servant an understanding heart , to judge Your people to discern between good and evil . For who is able to judge this , Your great people ?

of the plague that walks in darkness , of the destruction laying waste at noonday .
And he entered into the praetorium again and said to Jesus , From where are you ? But Jesus did not give him an answer .
And the sons of Dan sent out of their family five men from their whole number , men , sons of valor , from Zorah and from Eshtaol , to spy out the land , and to search it . And they said to them , Go , search the land . And they came to the hills of Ephraim , to Micah's house , and lodged there .
But it is a people robbed and spoiled ; they shall all be snared in holes ; they were hidden in prison houses . They were for spoil , and no one delivers ; a prey , and no one says , Return !

looking for the blessed hope and appearance of the glory of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ ,
And you , brothers , do not lose heart in well doing .
Truly , truly , I say to you , If anyone keeps My Word , he will never ever see death .

the small and the great , he is there , and the slave free from his master .
And I will camp around My house because of an army , because of him who passed by , and because of him who returns . And no tyrant shall pass through them any more . For now I have seen with My eyes .
Son of man , your brothers , your brothers , the men of your redemption , and all the house of Israel , all of them who have said to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , Go far away from Jehovah , this land is given to us for a possession .
For we who live are always being delivered up to death on account of Jesus , that also the life of Jesus may be revealed in our mortal flesh ;
At halves of the night I will rise to give thanks to You because of Your righteous judgments .

And all were astonished , so as to discuss to themselves , saying , What is this ? What new teaching is this , that He commands even the unclean spirits with authority , and they obey Him ?
And answering , they said , John the Baptist ; and others , Elijah ; and others that some prophet of the ancients has risen again .
Truly I say to you , Whoever does not receive the kingdom of God as a child may in no way enter into it .
Do not harm the earth , nor the sea , nor the trees , until we seal the slaves of our God on their foreheads .
And from the daughter of Zion all her splendor has departed . Her rulers have become like bucks ; they find no pasture ; and they have gone without strength before the pursuer .


behold ! I will send and take all the families of the north , says Jehovah , and Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon , My servant ; and I will bring them against this land , and against its inhabitants , and against all these nations all around . And I will completely destroy them , and make them a horror , and a hissing , and everlasting ruins .
Yet you shall be brought out to Sheol , to the sides of the Pit .
And it shall be , when Jehovah does to my lord according to all the good which He has spoken concerning you , and has commanded you to be ruler over Israel ,
And he said to him , Behold now , a man of God is in this city , and the man is held in honor . All that he speaks certainly comes to pass . Now let us go there . It may be he will declare our way to us on which we should go .
Do not say , Why was it that the former days were better than these ? For you do not ask from wisdom concerning this .
To the chief musician . A Psalm of David . A Song . God rises up and His enemies are scattered ; and those who hate Him flee from His face .
But two years being completed , Felix welcomed a successor , Porcius Festus . And wishing to show a favor to the Jews , Felix left Paul bound .
But if all prophesy , and some unbeliever or one not instructed comes in , he is convicted by all , he is judged by all .
And the sons of Israel went up against the sons of Benjamin on the third day , and set themselves in order against Gibeah , as at other times .
For your servant knows that I have sinned ; and behold , I come today , the first of the house of Joseph , to go down to meet my lord the king .
And Lot said to them , Oh no , Lord !
Then Jesus said to him , Go , Satan ! For it has been written : " You shall worship the Lord your God , and you shall serve Him only . "
And the men who had not died were stricken with hemorrhoids . And the cry of the city went up to the heavens .
Then the disciples went away again to themselves .
For one who is chosen to be among all the living , there is hope . For a living dog is better than a dead lion .


Then everyone who trembled at the words of the God of Israel were gathered to me , because of the perfidy of the exiles . And I remained stunned until the evening offering .
Must He repay you because you rejected it ? For you must choose , and not I ; therefore , speak what you know .
And it happened , when Hushai the Archite , David's friend , had come to Absalom , Hushai said to Absalom , Let the king live ! Let the king live !
And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom , for Moses had laid his hands on him . And the sons of Israel listened to him and did as Jehovah commanded Moses .
the depths were broken up by His knowledge , and the clouds dropped down the dew .
Iron sharpens iron , so a man sharpens his friend's face .
Confidence in a treacherous man in time of distress is like a bad tooth and a slipping foot .

He spread a cloud for a covering ; and fire to give light in the night .
saying , Amen . Blessing and glory and wisdom and thanksgiving and honor and power and strength to our God forever and ever . Amen .
When I returned , then , behold , on the lip of the torrent were many trees on this side and on that side .
What does an image profit , for its maker has carved it ; a molten image , and a teacher of falsehood ? For does the maker trust in his work on it , to make mute idols ?
But if you will not make the dream known to me , there is one law for you . For you have agreed upon lying and deceiving words to speak before me until the time has changed . Therefore , tell me the dream , then I shall know that you can reveal the meaning to me .
Speak to Zerubbabel , the governor of Judah , saying , I will shake the heavens and the earth .
And the people served Jehovah all the days of Joshua , and all the days of the elders who prolonged their days after Joshua , who saw all the great work of Jehovah which He had done for Israel .
and I shall write on the tablets the words which were on the first tablets , which you have broken , and you shall place them in the ark .
But do not seek Bethel , and do not enter Gilgal , and do not cross over to Beersheba ; for Gilgal shall surely go into exile , and Bethel shall be for nothing .
And it shall be in that day , the Root of Jesse stands as a banner of peoples ; nations shall seek to Him ; and His resting place shall be glory .
And Jehovah said to Gideon , I will deliver you by the three hundred men who lapped , and shall give Midian into your hand . And all the people shall go , each to his place .
And he broke the images in pieces , and cut down the Asherahs , and filled their place with the bones of men .
The sons of Zattu were eight hundred and forty five .
And I also say to you that you are Peter , and on this rock I will build My church , and the gates of Hades will not prevail against her .

And Samaria has not sinned as much as half your sins , but you have multiplied your abominations more than they , and have justified your sisters in all your abominations which you have done .
For You will precede him with the blessings of goodness ; You set a crown of pure gold on his head .
As for me , behold , I will live at Mizpah to stand before the Chaldeans who have come to us . But you , go gather wine , and the harvest , and oil , and put them in your vessels , and live in your cities that you have taken .
And said , The word of Jehovah was to me saying ,
And all the people who were in the gate and the elders , said , We are witnesses . May Jehovah make the woman who is coming into your house to be as Rachel and as Leah , both of whom built the house of Israel . And may you do worthily in Ephratah , and proclaim the name in Bethlehem .
The expectation of the righteous is joyful , but the hope of the wicked shall perish .
and rams' skins dyed red , and dugong skins , and acacia wood ,

And God said to him , Because you have asked this thing , and have not asked for yourself many days , nor asked riches for yourself , nor asked the life of your enemies , and have asked for discernment for yourself , to understand judgment ,
Why do you glory in your valleys , your flowing valley , O backsliding daughter ? She trusted in her treasures , saying , Who shall come to me ?
And the king commanded , and they brought great stones , costly stones , quarried stones , to lay the foundation of the house .
For false christs and false prophets will rise up . And they will give great signs and wonders , so as to lead astray , if possible , even the elect .
Then all things , whatever they tell you to keep , keep and do . But do not do according to their works , for they say , and do not do .
My generation is plucked up and carried away from me , like a shepherd's tent ; I have cut off my life like the weaver . He will cut me off from the loom ; from day to night You will make an end of me .
By the mouth of Jehovah the sons of Israel pulled up ; and by the mouth of Jehovah they encamped . All the days that the cloud remained over the tabernacle , they remained in camp .
Then let our face be seen before you , our look and the look of the boys who eat of the king's food . And as you see , deal so with your servants .
Shall flock and herd be slaughtered for them , so one may find for them ? Ar all the fish in the sea to be gathered for them , that one may find for them ?
For there is no faithfulness in their mouth ; their inward part is engulfing ruin ; their throat is an open grave ; they flatter with their tongue .
And Jephthah gathered all the men of Gilead , and fought with Ephraim . And the men of Gilead struck Ephraim , because they said , You Gileadites are fugitives from Ephraim , in the midst of Ephraim , in the midst of Manasseh .
And it happened at the end of two years of days , Pharaoh was dreaming . And , lo , he was standing by the River .

For the fields of Heshbon droop , the vine of Sibmah . The masters of the nations have crushed its choice plants . They have come to Jazer ; they wander in the desert ; her branches are spread out ; they have crossed the sea .
and they presented to him the burnt offering , by its pieces , and the head , and he burned them with incense on the altar .
He lies under the lotus , in the hiding-place of the reed and the marsh ;
If this One was not from God , He could not do anything .
You have thrown the wives of My people out from the house of her delight ; you have taken away My majesty forever from her children .
For what good I desire , I do not do . But the evil I do not desire , this I do .

Two pins shall be in one board , each connected to her sister . So you shall do to all the boards of the tabernacle .
And all the men of Israel in the valley saw that they had fled , and that Saul and his sons had died . And they forsook their cities and ran away . And the Philistines came and lived in them .
How Sheshach is captured ! And how the praise of all the earth is seized ! How Babylon has become a ruin among the nations !
Bring the tribe of Levi near , and you shall cause it to stand before Aaron the priest . And they shall serve him ,
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;
And now , I have heard that you have shearers . And your shepherds have been with us ; we have not shamed them , nor was anything missing to them all the days they were in Carmel .
She has examined a field , and takes it , she plants a vineyard from the fruit of her hands .

And from the last sons of Adonikam , these : Eliphelet , Jeiel , and Shemaiah , and sixty males with them .
These were the commanders of the officers who were over the work of Solomon : five hundred and fifty , those ruling among the people who were laboring in the work .
They divide My garments among them , and they made fall a lot for My clothing .
They shall also gird on sackcloth , and trembling shall cover them . And shame shall be on all faces , and baldness on all heads .
So Moab was subdued that day under the hand of Israel . And the land had rest eighty years .
And when a man lies with a woman with semen , and she is a slave-girl , betrothed to a man , and not truly redeemed , and freedom not having been given to her , there shall be an inquest ; they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
And they came in and possessed it , but they did not obey Your voice nor did they walk in Your law . They have not done all that You commanded them to do , so You have caused all this evil to meet them .
So says the Lord Jehovah : Because they said to you , You are a devourer of men , and you have bereaved your nations .
And the rulers of the Philistines came out . And it happened from the time they came out , David acted more wisely than all the servants of Saul . And His name was greatly esteemed .

Jehovah your God is mighty in your midst ; He will save . He will rejoice over you with joy ; He is silent in His love . He rejoices over you with a joyful shout .
And afterward they prepared for themselves , and for the priests ; for the priests , the sons of Aaron , were offering up the burnt offering and the fat until nightfall ; and the Levites prepared for themselves and for the priests ; the sons of Aaron .
And David came to Saul and stood before him . And he loved him greatly ; and he became his armorbearer .
And He gives rest ; who then can condemn ? And when He hides His face , who then can see Him ? Even it may be against a nation and a man together ,


So says Jehovah of Hosts , Behold , evil is going from nation to nation , and a great tempest shall be stirred up from the corners of the earth .
with all his reign and his might , and the times that passed over him , and over Israel , and over all the kingdoms of the lands .
so that none of the remnant of Judah which has gone into the land of Egypt , to reside there , will be an escaped one , or a survivor ; or return to the land of Judah to which they are lifting up their soul , to return to live there . For not one shall return , except those who escape .
And Jobab died , and Husham from the land of the Temanites reigned in his place .
I count all My bones ; they look , they stare at Me .
Also what He has done to the two kings of the Amorites beyond the Jordan , to Sihon the king of Heshbon , and to Og the king of Bashan who was in Ashtaroth .
Or have you not read in the Law that on the sabbaths the priests in the temple profane the sabbath and are guiltless ?
On the day of your standing on the other side , on the day that the strangers take his force captive , and foreigners enter his gates , and cast lots for Jerusalem , even you were like one of them .
And I heard a great voice out of Heaven , saying , Behold , the tabernacle of God with men ! And He will tabernacle with them , and they will be His people , and God Himself will be with them as their God .
And Sennacherib , king of Assyria , set out , and went and returned ; and he lived at Nineveh .
And David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh-gilead , and said to them , Blessed are you of Jehovah , in that you have done this kindness with your lord , with Saul , that you have buried him .
And the king coming in to look over those reclining , he saw a man there not having been dressed in a wedding garment .
And it happened when the wall was built , I set up the doors , and the gatekeepers and the singers and the Levites were chosen .
And after he fathered Eber , Salah lived four hundred and three years . And he fathered sons and daughters .

In their sight you shall carry on the shoulder , in the dark carry out . You shall cover your face so that you do not see the ground , for I have set you as a wonder to the house of Israel .
For Jehovah shall rise up , as at Mount Perazim ; He shall be stirred as in the Gibeon Valley ; to do His work , His strange work ; and to perform His task , His alien task .
For he shall be like a tree planted by the waters . It sends out its roots by the stream , and it will not fear when the heat comes ; but its foliage will be green ; and it is not anxious in the year of drought , nor will it cease from yielding fruit .
And you shall make the altar of acacia timbers ; five cubits long and five cubits wide . The altar shall be square , and its height three cubits .
Woe to those who go down to Egypt for help , and lean on horses , and trust on chariotry , because it is great ; and in horsemen because they are very strong ! But they do not look to the Holy One of Israel , nor seek Jehovah .
And if he pushes him down , or has thrown at him by lying in wait , and he dies ;
You shall not despise an Edomite , for he is your brother . You shall not despise an Egyptian , for you were an alien in his land ;
And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah came near and struck Micaiah on the cheek , and said , Which way did the Spirit of Jehovah cross from me to speak to you ?
And Micaiah said , Behold , you shall see in that day when you go from one room into another to hide .
Woe to you , Chorazin ! Woe to you , Bethsaida ! For if the works of power which have been occurring in you had occurred in Tyre and Sidon , they would have repented long ago sitting in sackcloth and ashes !
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
But Jehovah of Hosts is exalted in judgment , and God the Holy One is proven holy in righteousness .
And Jacob said to Simeon and to Levi , You have troubled me , to make me stink among the inhabitants of the land , among the Canaanites , and among the Perizzites . And I being few in number , and they gathering against me , they will strike me , and I and my house shall be wasted .
And they said to him , Sit down now and read it in our ears . So Baruch read in their ears .
Since the day that your fathers came out of the land of Egypt until this day , I have even sent to you all My servants , the prophets , daily rising up early and sending .
The king answered and said , For I know that you buy time , that on account of all , you see the thing is certainly gone from me .
And the rest of the acts of Rehoboam , and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ?
And you shall give her to Eleazar the priest , and she shall be brought forth outside the camp ; and she shall be slaughtered before his face .


And seeing that he answered intelligently , Jesus said to him , You are not far from the kingdom of God . And no one dared to question Him any more .

Behold , I am against you , declares Jehovah of hosts ; and I will burn her chariots in the smoke , and the sword shall devour your young lions . And I will cut off your prey from the earth , and the voice of your messengers shall not be heard any more .
And the rest went , some indeed on boards , and others on some of the things from the ship . And so it happened that all were saved on the land .

And I know you bore up and have patience and on account of My name you have labored and have not wearied ,
And you shall not bear false witness against your neighbor .
And the stones shall be according to the names of the sons of Israel , twelve according to their names , the engraving of a signet ; they shall be each according to his name for the twelve tribes .
And I , if I be lifted up from the earth , I will draw all to Myself .
you shall not consent to him , nor listen to him , nor shall your eye have pity on him , nor shall you spare nor hide him .
And you also shall surely pull out for her of the bundles , and shall leave ; and she shall glean , and you shall not restrain her .
Then I will make their waters sink and cause their rivers to run as oil , says the Lord Jehovah .
They return , but not to the Most High . They are like a treacherous bow . Their rulers shall fall by the sword , from the rage of the tongue . This shall be their scorn in the land of Egypt .
Jesus said to her , Mary ! Turning around , she said to Him , Rabboni ! ( that is to say , Teacher ) .
And all the people saw , and fell on their faces , and said , Jehovah , He is the God ; Jehovah , He is the God !
And your covenant with death shall be covered ; and your vision with Sheol shall not rise up . When the overwhelming whip passes through , then you shall be for a trampling to it .
and Remeth , and En-gannim , and En-haddah , and Beth-pazzez .
And the man bowed and worshiped Jehovah .
he also added this above all , he even shut up John in the prison .
And Laban said , Yes , if it be so let it be as you speak .
And Moses cried to Jehovah , saying , What shall I do to this people ? Yet a little and they will stone me .
And he made curtains of goats' hair for a tent over the tabernacle ; he made them eleven curtains .
And Pharaoh commanded the slave-drivers of the people , and their overseers , that day , saying ,
Behold , its blood has not been brought into the holy place inside . You should certainly have eaten it in the sanctuary , as I have commanded .
And you shall not walk in the statutes of the nation which I am casting out from before you , for all these they have done , and I am disgusted with them .
At that time Hezekiah cut off the doors of the temple of Jehovah , and the pillars that Hezekiah the king of Judah had overlaid , and gave them to the king of Assyria .
Yet the sons of your people say , The way of the Lord is not fair . But they , even their way is not fair .
And you shall trust , because there is hope . Yea , you shall look about and you shall lie down in safety .
Of the sons of Gershom , Shebuel was the head .
And the men of Israel said , Have you seen the man who comes up ? For he has come to defy Israel . And it shall be , the man who strikes him , the king will enrich him with great riches , and he will give his daughter to him . And he will make his father's house free in Israel .
What then ? What Israel seeks , this it did not obtain , but the election obtained it , and the rest were hardened ;
And he brought the ram of the burnt offering , and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on the head of the ram ;
Indeed I am a man , a Jew having been born in Tarsus of Cilicia , but having been brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel , having been trained according to the exactness of the ancestral law , being a zealous one of God , even as you all are today .
This is the generation of those who seek Him , who seek Your face , O God of Jacob . Selah .
And he wept aloud ; and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard .
Besides the male slaves and their slave-girls , these were seven thousand , three hundred and thirty seven . And they had two hundred and forty-five singing men and singing women .
And the king said to Shimei , You shall not die . And the king swore to him .

through all prayer and petition , praying at every time in the Spirit , and watching to this same thing with all perseverance and petition concerning all the saints .
For you truly give thanks well , but the other is not built up .
And he and all that was to him fled . And he rose up and crossed the River and set his face to Mount Gilead .
For indeed he was sick , coming near to death ; but God had mercy on him , and not only on him , but also me , lest I should have grief on grief .
And many peoples and strong nations shall come to seek Jehovah of hosts in Jerusalem , and to seek the favor of the face of Jehovah .
then hear their prayer and their supplication in Heaven , and maintain their cause .
And it happened , when the evil spirit from God was on Saul , then David would take the harp and play with his hand . And there was relief for Saul , and it was well with him . And the evil spirit would depart from him .
And Ezra opened the book to the eyes of all the people , for he was above all the people . And when he opened it , all the people stood up .
The word that Jehovah spoke to the prophet of the coming of Nebu-chadnezzar , the king of Babylon , to strike the land of Egypt .
For You have broken his burdensome yoke and the staff of his shoulder , the rod of his taskmaster , as in the day of Midian .
even the priests shall take to themselves , each man from his friend ; and they shall repair the breach of the house , in all places where a breach may be found .
O give thanks to Jehovah , for He is good ; for His mercy endures forever .
And Joseph was carried down to Egypt . And Potiphar , a eunuch of Pharaoh , the chief of the executioners , an Egyptian man , bought him from the hand of the Ishmaelites who had carried him down there .

And Jacob arose and set his sons and his wives on camels .
For I am ready to fall and my pain is before me always .
Son of man , what is this proverb to you on the land of Israel , saying , The days are long , and every vision shall perish ?
So I stationed from the lowest parts of the place , from the back of the wall , in the higher places , even I stationed the people according to their families , with their swords , their spears , and their bows .
And passing on , He saw Levi the son of Alpheus sitting at the tax office . And He said to him , Follow Me . And rising up , he followed Him .
And he made the laver bronze , and its base bronze , from the mirrors of the serving women , those assembling , who served at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And a brother will deliver up a brother to death , and a father the child . And children will rise up on parents and will put them to death .
And her days were fulfilled to bear . And behold ! Twins were in her womb .

You were perfect in your ways from the day you were created , until iniquity was found in you .
And he who lies in the house shall wash his clothes and he who eats in the house shall wash his clothes .

In which also traveling to Damascus with authority and decision power from the chief priests ,
This Moses , whom they denied , saying , Who appointed you a ruler and a judge , this one God has sent as ruler and redeemer by the hand of the Angel who appeared to him in the Bush .
Every bed on which she lies all the days of her discharge shall be to her as the bed of her impurity to her ; and everything on which she sits shall be unclean as the uncleanness of her impurity .
Jehovah has been very angry with your fathers .
And they shall hang on him all the glory of his father's house , the offspring and the offshoots , all small vessels , from vessels of cups even to all vessels of jars .
And every passage of the appointed staff that Jehovah causes to rest on him will be with timbrels and with harps . And in brandishing battles He fights with her .
Blessed are the ones doing His commands , that their authority will be over the Tree of Life , and by the gates they may enter into the city .
And now let Pharaoh look for a man who is intelligent and wise , and set him over the land of Egypt .
For Christ is the end of law for righteousness to everyone that believes .
And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate . And he measured the south gate by these measures .
But behind the second veil is a tabernacle , that called Holy of Holies ,
They have gaped at me with their mouth , and scornfully struck my cheek ; they gather themselves together against me .
And there is not one who calls on Your name , who stirs himself up to take hold of You . For You have hidden Your face from us , and have melted us away into the hand of our iniquities .
Behold , the sound of report ! It comes , and a great commotion from the land of the north , to make the cities of Judah a desolation , a den of jackals .
Be humbled before the Lord , and He will exalt you .

And the king said , Cause Haman to hurry to do the word of Esther . And the king and Haman came to the banquet which had prepared .
and shall turn back to Jehovah your God and listen to His voice , according to all that I am commanding you day , you and your sons with all your heart , and with all your soul ;
And they entered into the covenant to seek Jehovah the God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul .
as unknown , and yet well known , as dying , and yet , look , we live ; as flogged , and yet not put to death ;
And to every beast of the earth , and to all birds of the heavens , and to every creeper on the earth which has in it a living soul , every green plant is for food . And it was so .
And it happened when king Hezekiah heard , he tore his garments and was covered with sackcloth . And he went into the house of Jehovah .
and said , Far be it from me by my God , to do this . Shall I drink the blood of these men with their lives ? For they have brought it with their lives . And he was not willing to drink it . The three mighty ones did these things .
The field which Abraham bought from the sons of Heth . Abraham and his wife Sarah were buried there .

And the scribes and the Pharisees kept close by Him , to see if He would heal on the sabbath , so that they might find a charge against Him .
The lips of truth are established forever , but a lying tongue is only while I wink .
The life is more than the food and the body than the clothing .
And Moses said , By this you shall know that Jehovah has sent me to do all these works , and that not from my own heart .
Then all these being about to be dissolved , what sort ought you to be in holy behavior and godliness ,
And you say , Whoever swears by the altar , it is nothing ; but whoever swears by the gift on it , he is a debtor .
And the inhabitants of the land , the Canaanites , saw the wailing in the grain floor of thorns . And they said , This is a very great wailing to Egypt ; for this reason its name was called The Meadow of Egypt , which is on the other side of Jordan .
And all the people rose up , from the small even to the great , and the commanders of the armies , and came into Egypt , for they were afraid of the face of the Chaldeans .
And all the men were about twelve .
Many shepherds have destroyed My vineyard ; they have trampled My portion under foot ; they have made My pleasant portion a desolate wilderness .
A SHEKEL : You are weighed in the balances and found lacking .
having stripped the rulers and the authorities , He made a show of them in public , triumphing over them in it .
For it was because of the anger of Jehovah in Jerusalem and Judah that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon , until Jehovah had cast them out from His face .
And say , So says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I am against you , O Gog , the prince of Rosh , Meshech , and Tubal .
Therefore , wait for Me , declares Jehovah , for the day I rise up to the prey . For My judgment is to gather the nations , for Me to gather the kingdoms , to pour My fury out on them , all My hot anger . For all the earth shall be burned up with the fire of My jealousy .
And taking the five loaves and the two fish , looking up to Heaven , He blessed them , and broke , and gave to the disciples to set before the crowd .
The sons gather wood , and the fathers kindle the fire , and the women knead dough , to make cakes to the queen of heaven , and to pour out drink offerings to other gods , that they may provoke Me .
And in that they that commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots , Your kingdom shall be enduring to you after you have realized that Heaven rules .
And David said to all the congregation , Now bless Jehovah your God . And all the congregation blessed Jehovah , the God of their fathers , and worshiped Jehovah , and bowed to the king .
And the work of the wheels was as the work of a chariot wheel , their hands , and their rims , and their spokes , and their hubs were all casted .
And if your eye offends you , cast it out . For it is profitable for you to enter into the kingdom of God one-eyed , than having two eyes to be thrown into the Hell of fire ,
And he broke down the altars and the Asherahs , and he had beaten down the graven images very small ; and he had cut down all the images in all the land of Israel , and returned to Jerusalem .
with three layers of rolling stones , and a layer of new timber . And let the expenses be given out of the king's house .
And hearing , they were stabbed in the heart , and said to Peter and the rest of the apostles , Men , brothers , What shall we do ?
And you shall not oppress an alien ; and you know the life of an alien , since you were aliens in the land of Egypt .
And Cush fathered Nimrod : he began to be mighty on the earth .
And the flocks being feeble , he did not set them . And usually it happened that the weak were for Laban , and the strong for Jacob .
And you , O stripped one , what will you do ? Though you clothe yourself with crimson , though you adorn yourself with ornaments of gold , though you make large your eyes with paint , you beautify yourself in vain . Lovers despise you ; they will seek your life .
This is the first and great commandment .

And they established a decree to pass through a call to all Israel , from Beersheba even to Dan , to come to make a Passover to Jehovah the God of Israel in Jerusalem . For not many of them had done as it is written .
And it shall be when Jehovah brings you into the land of the Canaanite , and the Hittite , and the Amorite , and the Hivite , and the Jebusite , which He swore to your fathers to give to you , a land flowing with milk and honey , you shall do this service in this month .


And he said : Jehovah came from Sinai , and rose up from Seir for them ; He shone forth from Mount Paran , and He came from the myriads of holy ones . At his right hand a law of fire went forth to them .
For so says Jehovah , You shall not see wind nor shall you see rain . Yet that stream bed shall be filled with water , so that you may drink , both you and your livestock , and your animals .
there where your fathers tempted Me , testing Me , and saw My works forty years .
Jediael the son of Shimri , and Joha his brother , the Tizite ,
And he measured the porch of the gate from the house , one reed .
And she shall follow after her lovers , but she shall not overtake them . And she shall look for them , but she shall not find them . Then she shall say , I will go and return to my first husband , for then it was better with me than now .

Pay attention , O Job ; listen to me ; be silent , and I will speak .
But if you will not do so , behold , you have sinned against Jehovah , and know that your sin will find you out .
for also , Our God is a consuming fire . "
And Jacob set up a pillar on her grave ; it is the pillar of Rachel's grave until today .
And you shall offer a burnt offering , a fire offering , a soothing fragrance to Jehovah : thirteen bullocks , sons of the herd , two rams , fourteen lambs , sons of a year ; they shall be perfect ones ;
For also we all were baptized by one Spirit into one body , whether Jews or Greeks , whether slaves or free , even all were given to drink into one Spirit .
And Jehovah brought against them the king of Assyria's army commanders , and they captured Manasseh with hooks , and bound him with bronze fetters , and made him go to Babylon .
You march into the land in fury . You thresh nations in anger .
And its tongs , and its pans shall be of pure gold .

Give us today our daily bread ,
then the dust shall return to the earth as it was , and the spirit shall return to God who gave it .
But the poor one had nothing except one little ewe lamb , which he had bought and nourished . And it grew up with him , and with his sons together , and it ate of his morsel , and it drank from his cup , and it lay in his bosom . And it was like a daughter to him .
Let no one deceive himself , if anyone thinks to be wise among you in this age , let him become foolish , that he may become wise .
And he made a network of bronze grating for the altar , from below under its ledge , as far as its middle .
And they crucified two robbers with Him , one off the right , and one off the left of Him .
And fire has gone out from a rod of her branches , it consumed her fruit , and there is not a strong rod in her to be a scepter to rule . It is a lament , and has become a lament .
And Solomon at that time kept the feast seven days , and all Israel with him , a great company , from the entering in of Hamath to the river of Egypt .
And Jehovah said to him , By what means ? And he said , I will go out and shall be a spirit of falsehood in the mouth of all his prophets . And He said , You shall entice him , and also you are able . Go out and do so .
For such ones do not serve our Lord Jesus Christ , but their own belly , and by smooth speaking and flattering they deceive the hearts of those without guile .
Meraioth fathered Amariah ; and Amariah fathered Ahitub ;
And he burned on it incense of fragrant spices , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
And all the doors and the side posts were square along with the windows ; and the front of a window was against a window in three rows .
Only Jonathan the son of Asahel , and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah made a stand against this . And Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite supported them .
But the salvation of the righteous is from Jehovah ; He is their strength in the time of distress .
And Balak took Balaam to the top of Peor , which looks toward the wilderness .
Though you rise high as the eagle , and though you set your nest between the stars , I will bring you down from there , declares Jehovah .
And the slave-drivers were demanding , saying , Finish your work , the matter of a day in its day , as when there was straw .
And she said , Please let the king remember Jehovah your God , that the redeemer of blood not destroy any more , and that they may not destroy my son . And he said , As Jehovah lives , not one hair of your son shall fall to the earth .
And she bestowed her harlotries on them , the choice sons of Assyria , with all of them , and with all after whom she lusted . She defiled herself with all their idols .
After these things I saw , and behold , a great crowd which no one was able to number them , out of every nation , even tribes and peoples and tongues standing in front of the throne , and before the Lamb , having been clothed with white robes , and palms in their hands .
You have set up the right hand of his enemies ; You have made all his enemies rejoice .
And they brought it to Moses , and to Eleazar the priest , and to the congregation of the sons of Israel ; the captives , and the prey , and the spoil , to the camp , to the plains of Moab which are by Jordan , near Jericho .
And if it rise , You would hunt me as a lion ; and again You show Yourself wonderful in me .
And it shall be in that day , the remnant of Israel , and the escaped ones from the house of Jacob , shall not any more lean on him who struck him . But they will truly lean on Jehovah , the Holy One of Israel .
And the first came , saying , Lord , your mina has gained ten minas .
And he returned to Judah and said , I have not found her . And also the men of the place said , There was no harlot here .
And do not cover their iniquity , and do not let their sin be blotted out from before You . For they have provoked You to anger before the builders .
Seraiah the son of Hilkiah , the son of Meshullam , the son of Zadok , the son of Meraiah , the son of Ahitub , the ruler of the house of God .
And they gave out of the tribe of the sons of Judah , and out of the tribe of the sons of Simeon , these cities which are called by name ,
For as you then also disobeyed God , but now have obtained mercy by the disobedience of these ,
And all the congregation of the sons of Israel murmured on the next day against Moses and against Aaron , saying , You have killed the people of Jehovah .

And Jethro the priest of Midian , the father-in-law of Moses , heard all that which God had done for Moses and for His people Israel , that Jehovah had caused Israel to go out from Egypt .
And Hezekiah received the letter from the hand of the couriers , and read it . Then Hezekiah went up to the house of Jehovah and spread it before Jehovah .
And among these there was not a man of those numbered by Moses and Aaron the priest , who numbered the sons of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai .
In the multitude of my inward thoughts , Your comforts delight my soul .
Ask , and it will be given to you ; seek , and you will find ; knock , and it will be opened to you .
Come and see God's works , who is awesome in His acts toward the sons of men .
And the men of his city , the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as Jezebel had sent to them , as was written in the letters that she sent to them .
And all the people that Ishmael had taken captive from Mizpah turned around and came back , and went to Johanan , the son of Kareah .
Jehovah watches over all who love Him ; but He destroys all the wicked .
the sons of Jaala , the sons of Darkon , the sons of Giddel ,
I speak as a man on account of the weakness of your flesh . For as you presented your members as slaves to uncleanness and to lawless act unto lawless act , so now yield your members as slaves to righteousness unto sanctification .
And he sent letters into all the king's provinces , into every province according to its writing , and to peoples and peoples , according to language , so that every man should be ruling in his house ; and speaking according to the language of his people .
Lift up your eyes and behold those who come from the north . Where is the flock that was given to you , your beautiful flock ?
And he made me see Joshua the high priest standing before the Angel of Jehovah , and Satan standing at his right hand to accuse him .
Not that I already received or already have been perfected , but I press on , if I also may lay hold , inasmuch as I also was laid hold of by Christ Jesus .
The fellow-elected in Babylon greet you ; also Mark my son .

Who has gone up to Heaven , and come down ? Who has gathered the wind in His fists ? Who has bound the waters in His garments ? Who has made all the ends of the earth to rise ? What is His name , and what is His Son's name ? Surely you know .
Take away the dross from the silver , and a vessel of the refiner's shall appear .
So the carver strengthens the refiner ; and he smoothing with the hammer , him who struck the anvil , saying of the soldering , It is good . And he made it strong with nails ; it will not totter .
And finding an ass colt , Jesus sat on it , even as it had been written ,
He puts my feet in the stocks ; He watches all my paths .

And the sons of Dan raised up for themselves the graven image . And Jonathan the son of Gershom , the son of Manasseh , he and his sons were priests to the tribe of the Danites until the day of the captivity of the land .
Ahaziah was a son of twenty two years when he began to reign , and he reigned one year in Jerusalem . And his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri , the king of Israel .

So you also shall lift up the heave offering of Jehovah from all your tithes which you receive from the sons of Israel . And you shall give from it the heave offering of Jehovah to Aaron the priest .

And Moses and Aaron went in to Pharaoh and said to him , So says Jehovah the God of the Hebrews , Until when will you refuse to humble yourself before Me ? Send away My people so that they may serve Me .
" And you , Bethlehem , in the land of Judea , in no way are you least among the governors of Judah , for out of you shall come a Governor who shall shepherd My people Israel . "
And from the tribe of Issachar they gave Kishon and its open lands , and Dabareth and its open lands ,
For so says Jehovah of hosts : He has sent Me after glory , to the nations who plundered you ; for he who touches you touches the pupil of His eye .
And at that time , Michael shall stand up , the great ruler who stands for the sons of your people . And there shall be a time of distress , such as has not been from the existence of a nation until that time . And at that time , your people shall be delivered , everyone that shall be found written in the Book .
to listen to the words of My servants the prophets whom I am sending to you , even rising up early and sending ( but you have not listened ) ,
You shall die the deaths of the uncircumcised , by the hand of strangers . For I have spoken , says the Lord Jehovah .
And now you shall say this to My servant , to David , So says Jehovah of hosts , I have taken you from the pasture from following the sheep , to be ruler over My people Israel ;
And it happened on the day after the new moon , David's place was empty . And Saul said to his son Jonathan , Why has the son of Jesse not come to the meal , either yesterday or today ?
And the vessel that he made in clay was ruined in the hand of the potter . So repeating he made it , another vessel , as it seemed good in the potter's eyes to make it .
And he went on another way , and did not turn back in the way in which he came into Bethel .
For He does not still impose on man to go before God in judgment .


And I am weak today , though anointed king . And these men , the sons of Zeruiah , are too hard for me . May Jehovah reward the doer of evil according to his evil !
And You shall listen to the supplication of Your servant , and of Your people Israel when they shall pray toward this place ; yea , You shall listen in Your dwelling-place , in Heaven ; and You shall hear and shall forgive .
And I will stretch out over Jerusalem the line of Samaria , and the plummet of the house of Ahab , and shall wipe Jerusalem as one wipes a dish ( he wipes and turns it on its face ) .
And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel .
My son , do not forget my law , but let your heart keep my commands ,
And when Solomon finished praying , then the fire came down from Heaven and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices ; and the glory of Jehovah filled the house ;
And they returned , every man of Judah and Jerusalem , and Jehoshaphat at their head , to go back to Jerusalem with joy ; for Jehovah had made them rejoice over their enemies .
And while I was setting my prayer in order , then the man Gabriel , whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning , touched me in my severe exhaustion about the time of the evening sacrifice .
I have sought You with my whole heart ; do not let me wander from Your commands .
Desolation be upon them ! They go down into Sheol alive , for evils are among them in their dwelling .
Give help to us from distress ; for the deliverance of man is vain .
And He said to another , Follow Me . But he said , Lord , allow me to go first to bury my father .
But the judgment shall sit , and they shall take away his rulership , to cut off and to destroy until the end .
Even if evil is sweet in his mouth ( he hides it under his tongue ) ,
And he said , Come with me and see my zeal for Jehovah . And they made him ride in the chariot .

And I will nourish you there , for there are still five years of famine ; lest you be made poor , you and your house and all which belong to you .
And you shall not lie with a male as one lies with a woman ; it is a perversion .
For Jehovah your God is He who is going before you , to fight for you with your enemies , to save you .
In all labor there is profit , but the talk of the lips tends only to poverty .
My heart wanders ; terror overwhelms me ; He has turned the twilight of my pleasure into trembling .
For you used deceit against your souls when you sent me to Jehovah your God , saying , Pray for us to Jehovah our God . And according to all that Jehovah our God shall say , so declare to us , and we will do it .
And it happened to him in this way ; yea , the people trampled him in the gate , and he died .
And Jehoshaphat made peace with the king of Israel .
For Jehovah is our shield , yea , the Holy One of Israel our King .
for we have heard him saying that this Jesus the Nazarene will destroy this place and will change the customs which Moses delivered over to us .
This is the heave offering that you shall offer : the sixth of an ephah of a homer of wheat , and the sixth of an ephah of a homer of barley .
And all the men of his city shall stone him with stones , and he shall die . So you shall put away the evil from among you , that all Israel shall hear , and fear .
And do not be like your fathers , and like your brothers , who acted treacherously against Jehovah the God of their fathers ; and He made them for a horror , as you see .
After it , a voice roars ; He thunders with His majestic voice ; and He will not hold them back when His voice is heard .
And blessed is the one , whoever shall not be offended in Me .
Then we who remain alive will be caught up together with them in the clouds to a meeting with the Lord in the air . And so we will always be with the Lord .
And the king of Israel gathered the prophets , four hundred men . And he said to them , Shall we go to Ramoth-gilead to battle , or shall I forbear ? And they said , Go up , and God will give it into the king's hand .
but on the day Lot went out from Sodom , it rained fire and brimstone from the heaven and destroyed all .
Let them not say in their hearts , Aha ! Our soul ! Let them not say , We have swallowed him up .
And the cherubs were spreading out wings above , covering the mercy-seat with their wings , their faces each toward the other ; the faces of the cherubs were toward the mercyseat .
but walked in the ways of the kings of Israel , and also made casted images for the Baals .
one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
to appear to those sitting in darkness and in shadow of death , to direct our feet into the way of peace .
Then , brothers , we are not children of a slave woman but of the free woman .
And if the plague returns and breaks out in the house after he has taken away the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it has been plastered ,
O deaf ones , hear ! And O blind ones , look to see !
And the king of Israel answered and said , Tell him , Do not let him that girds on boast himself like one who loosens his armor .
I beg you , test your servants ten days . And let vegetables be given to us that we may eat , and water that we may drink .
And it happened , when all the men of war had finished dying from among the people ,
For everyone from the least of them even to the greatest of them cuts off a profit . And from the prophet even to the priest , everyone deals falsely .
Jesus said to them , I am the Bread of life ; the one coming to Me will not at all hunger , and the one believing into Me will never ever thirst .
And when Asa heard these words , and the prophecy of Oded the prophet , he made himself strong and removed the hateful idols out of the land of Judah and Benjamin ; and out of the cities that he had captured from the hills of Ephraim . And he restored the altar of Jehovah that was before the porch of Jehovah .

one male of the goats for a sin offering ;
And she conceived and bore a son . And he called his name Er .


" The Lord said to my Lord , Sit on My right until I place Your enemies as a footstool for Your feet ? "
He has oppressed the poor and needy ; thieving , he stole ; he has not returned the pledge , and has lifted up his eyes to the idols ,
But if a woman wears her hair long , it is a glory to her ; because the hair has been given to her corresponding to a veil .
The sons of Manasseh : Ashriel , the child born to his Syrian concubine with Machir the father of Gilead .
keeping all his bones ; not one of them is broken .
and say , What is your mother ? A lioness , she lay down among lions , among young lions she multiplied her cubs .
And from the blue and the purple and the crimson they made woven garments for serving in the sanctuary . And they made the holy garments which were for Aaron , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
And they told Jotham , and he went and stood on the top of Mount Gerizim . And he lifted up his voice and cried , and said to them Listen to me , leaders of Shechem , and God shall listen to you .
But now Jehovah has spoken , saying , Within three years , as the years of a hireling , then the glory of Moab will be abased , with all the great host ; and the remnant shall be few ; small , not mighty .
having the mystery of the faith with a pure conscience .

And the ten horns which you saw on the beast , these will hate the harlot , and will make her desolated and naked . And they will eat her flesh , and will burn her down with fire .
The brothers all greet you . Greet one another with a holy kiss .
And it becoming evening , the boat was in the middle of the sea , and He alone on the land .
And these are the kings of the land whom the sons of Israel struck , and they seized their land beyond the Jordan , at the sunrising , from the river Arnon to Mount Hermon , and all the Arabah eastward :
And Moses came and told all the words of Jehovah to the people , and all the judgments . And all the people answered with one voice and said , We will do all the words which Jehovah has spoken .
to make their seed fall also among the nations , and to scatter them in the lands .
and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the son of Aaron was standing before it in those days ) saying , Shall I again go out to battle with the sons of my brother Benjamin , or shall I cease ? And Jehovah said , Go up , for tomorrow I will give him into your hand .
And the men of Gibeon sent to Joshua , and to the camp at Gilgal , saying , Do not withdraw your hand from your servants . Come up to us quickly , and save us , and help us , for all the kings of the Amorites living in the hills have gathered against us .
And the warden of the prison house gave all the prisoners in the prison house into Joseph's hand . And all which they did there , he was doing .
The sons of the other Elam , a thousand , two hundred and fifty four .
the son of Hashabiah , the son of Amaziah , the son of Hilkiah ,
Or who shut up the sea with doors , when it burst out ; it came forth from the womb ?
And the father of Gibeon lived at Gibeon , whose wife's name was Maachah .
there is no mediator between us , who might lay his hand on both of us .
But if you are without discipline , of which all have become sharers , then you are bastards , and not sons .
Now I know that Jehovah is greater than all the gods ; truly , in the way in which they were proved against them .
And they shall take other stones and bring them in to the place of the stones ; and he shall take other clay and shall plaster the house .
And the men of Israel were distressed on that day , for Saul took an oath of the people , saying , Cursed shall be the man who eats food until the evening , when I have been avenged on my foes . And none of the people tasted food .
And his brothers by Eliezer were his son Rehabiah , and his son Jeshaiah , and his son Joram , and his son Zichri , and his son Shelomith .
The voice of Jehovah is in power ; the voice of Jehovah in majesty .
The one receiving a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet's reward , and the one receiving a just one in the name of a just one will receive a just one's reward .
And Ephraim did not expel the Canaanites who lived in Gezer , and the Canaanites lived among them in Gezer .
curtains of fifteen cubits to the side , their pillars three and their sockets three .


And of the Danites arraying the battle were twenty eight thousand , six hundred .
And I will make you like a shining rock . You shall be a spreading place for nets , you shall not be built any more . For I , Jehovah , have spoken , declares the Lord Jehovah .
Then Jesus said to the Jews who had believed in Him , If you continue in My Word , you are truly My disciples .
Therefore , so says the Lord Jehovah : As the vine tree among the trees of the forest , it which I have given to the fire for fuel , so I will give the dwellers of Jerusalem .
I also will walk contrary to them , and I will bring them into the land of their enemies . If their uncircumcised hearts are then humbled , and they then have satisfied for their iniquity ;
know that the one turning a sinner from the error of his way will save the soul from death , and will hide a multitude of sins .
that Jehovah appeared to Solomon a second time , as He appeared to him in Gibeon .
witnesses concerning Him , and has cried out , saying , This One was He of whom I said , He coming after me has been before me , for He was preceding me .
And Jehovah said to Moses , assemble to Me seventy men of the elders of Israel , whom you have known that they are elders of the people , and its officers . And you shall take them to the tabernacle of the congregation ; and they shall station themselves there with you .
as Sodom and Gomorrah , and the cities around them , in like manner to these , committing fornication , and going away after other flesh , laid down an example before-times , undergoing vengeance of everlasting fire .
And the midwives feared God , and they did not do as the king of Egypt said to them . And they kept the male children alive .
For out of the heart come forth evil thoughts , murders , adulteries , fornications , thefts , lies , blasphemies .
The departed spirits are made to writhe from beneath the waters , and their inhabitants .
And they brought him to Him . And seeing Him , the spirit immediately convulsed him . And falling on the ground , he wallowed , foaming .
And the thousand , seven hundred and seventy five shekels he made into hooks for the pillars ; and he overlaid their capitals and joined them .
Of these , twenty four thousand to be overseers over the work of the house of Jehovah ; and six thousand were officers and judges ;
Shin . Princes have persecuted me without cause ; but my heart has feared at Your word .
If evil shall come upon us , whether sword , judgment , or pestilence and famine , we shall stand before this house and before You , for Your name is in this house . and shall cry to You out of our distress , and You shall hear and save .
So that the righteous demand of the law might be fulfilled in us , those not walking according to flesh , but according to Spirit .

Vanity of vanities , says the Preacher , vanity of vanities ! All is vanity !
Libnah , and Ether , and Ashan ,
And Laban said to Jacob , What have you done ? And you have deceived my heart and have taken my daughters like captives of the sword .
And this is a sign to you : You will find a babe having been wrapped , lying in the manger .
Jehovah is for me ; I will not fear ; what can man do to me ?
that there not be among you man , or woman , or family , or tribe , whose heart turns away today from Jehovah our God , to go and serve the gods of these nations ; lest there should be among you today a root that bears gall and wormwood ;
but Israel following after a law of righteousness did not arrive at a law of righteousness ?
And those who understand among the people will instruct many , yet they will stumble by the sword and by flame , by exile and spoil for days .
And Jehu said to his third officer , Bidkar , Take up , throw him in the portion of the field of Naboth the Jezreelite . For , remember , you and I were riding together after his father Ahab , and Jehovah laid this burden on him :
And they begged Him that they might touch the fringe of His robe . And as many as touched were made perfectly well .
and of the sons of Elizaphan , Shimri and Jeiel ; and of the sons of Asaph , Zechariah and Mattaniah ;
And he said , This is wickedness . And he threw her into the midst of the ephah ; and he threw the lead stone over its opening .

My son , eat honey because it is good , and the honeycomb is sweet to your palate ;
To the sons of the east , with the sons of Ammon , even I will give it for a possession so that the sons of Ammon may not be remembered among the nations .
And Moses said to Aaron , It is that which Jehovah has spoken , saying , I will be sanctified by those drawing near to Me ; and I will be honored before all the people . And Aaron was silent .

But having the same spirit of faith , according to what has been written , " I believed , therefore I spoke , " we also believe , therefore we also speak ,
And opening his mouth , Peter said , Truly I see that God is not an accepter of faces ,
Can the Ethiopian change his skin or the leopard his spots ? Then you also may do good who are accustomed to doing evil .
They carry it on the shoulder ; they bear it and set it in its place , and it stands ; it shall not move from its place . Yes , he cries to it , but it does not answer , it does not save him from his distress .
The voice of Jehovah is cutting through the flame of fire .
For this reason , whatever you said in the darkness will be heard in the light ; and whatever you spoke in the ear in the secret rooms will be proclaimed on the housetops .
Take hold of a shield and buckler , and arise as my help .
And the singers were Heman , Asaph , and Ethan , to sound with cymbals of bronze ;

And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,

So then each one of us will give account concerning himself to God .
and Hananiah , and Elam , and Antothijah ,
But the one prophesying to men speaks for building up , and encouragement , and comfort .
For from now on five in one house will have been divided , three against two , and two against three .
Ziph , and Telem , and Bealoth ,
For so says Jehovah : You were sold for nothing , and you will not be redeemed with silver .
And when an ox gores a man so that he dies , the ox shall surely be stoned , and its flesh shall not be eaten , and the owner of the ox is innocent .
And he shall lift up all its fat from it and shall burn it as incense on the altar .

So behold , the days come that I will punish on the idols of Babylon . And all her land shall be put to shame , and all her slain shall fall in her midst .
Ephraim shall say , What is to me any more with idols ? I eyed him , and I surveyed him . I am as a green cypress tree ; your fruit is found from Me .

and he shall take off all its fat , as has been taken off the sacrifice of peace offerings . And the priest shall burn it as incense on the altar for a soothing fragrance to Jehovah . And the priest shall atone for him , and it is forgiven him .
For affliction does not come forth from the dust , nor does trouble spring up out of the ground ;

And she went , and came to the man of God , to Mount Carmel . And it happened , when the man of God saw her from afar , he said to his young man Gehazi , Behold , The Shunammite !
And Samson's wife became his companion's , who had been his feeder .
Smoke goes out of his nostrils like a boiling pot fired by reeds .
Can a woman forget her suckling child , from pitying the son of her womb ? Yes , these may forget , yet I will surely not forget you .
You shall not eat of anything that died of itself . You may give it to the alien who is within your gates , that he may eat it . Or you may sell it to a foreigner . For you are a holy people to Jehovah your God . You shall not simmer a kid in its mother's milk .
and there are differences of ministries , yet the same Lord .
And many people gathered to Jerusalem , to keep the Feast of Unleavened Bread in the second month , a very great multitude .
And also some of the Asiarchs , being his friends , sending to him begged him not to give himself into the theater .
The one hearing you hears Me , and the one rejecting you also rejects Me , and the one rejecting Me also rejects the One having sent Me .


the sons of Lebanah , the sons of Hagabah , the sons of Akkub ,
And David rose up in the morning ; and the word of Jehovah came to Gad the prophet , David's seer , saying ,
But into whatever city you enter , and they do not receive you , going out into its streets , say ,
In the abundance of words transgression does not cease , but one restraining his lips is prudent .
And it happened , when the commanders of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat , they said , He is the king of Israel . And they turned around to fight against him . And Jehoshaphat cried out . And Jehovah helped him . And God drew them away from him .
I say , Are only words of the lips counsel and strength for war ? Now , in whom have you trusted that you rebelled against me ?

Let it not be ! We who died to sin , how shall we still live in it ?
A foreigner and a hired servant may not eat of it .
But Jehovah is in His holy temple ; let all the earth be silent before Him .
Jehovah willed to destroy the wall of the daughter of Zion ; He has stretched out a line . He has not withdrawn His hand from swallowing ; and He made rampart and wall lament ; they languish together .
And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace for the ones making peace .
Declare His glory among the nations , His wonders among all the peoples .
And the six hundred men of the sons of Dan girded with their weapons of war were standing at the opening of the gate .
For in the ascent to Luhith , they shall go up with great weeping . For in the descent to Horonaim , the enemies have heard a cry of ruin .
Oh that I were as in months past , as in the days when God watched over me ;
And Moses sought carefully for the goat of the sin offering ; and , behold , it had been burned ! And he was angry against Eleazar and against Ithamar , Aaron's remaining sons , saying ,
that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Father of glory , may give to you a spirit of wisdom and revelation in the full knowledge of Him ,
and you are Christ's , and Christ is God's .
And the prophets , Haggai the prophet , and Zechariah the son of Iddo , prophesied to the Jews in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel who was over them .
And the anger of Jehovah glowed against Israel . And He said , Because this nation has transgressed My covenant which I commanded their fathers , and has not listened to My voice ,
But why do you look on the twig that is in the eye of your brother , but do not see the log in your eye ?
I will meet them like a bereaved bear , and I will tear the lining of their heart ; and as a lion , I will devour them there ; the beast of the field shall tear them .
And on the morrow they entered Caesarea . And Cornelius was awaiting them , having called together his relatives and his intimate friends .
And he did the evil in the eyes of Jehovah , according to the idolatries of the nations that Jehovah expelled from before the sons of Israel .
I charge you by the Lord that this letter be read to all the holy brothers .
You , even You , are terrifying ; and who can stand before You when You are angry ?
And some were being indignant to themselves , and saying , To what has this waste of the ointment occurred ?
Of the sons of Uzziel , Amminadab the chief , and his brothers , a hundred and twelve .
I am small and despised ; I do not forget Your precepts .
to incline our heart to Himself , to walk in all His ways , and to keep His commands , and His statutes , and His judgments , which He commanded our fathers ;
And the king spoke to the man of God , Come home with me , and refresh yourself , and I will give you a gift .
When you lie down , you shall not dread ; yea , you shall lie down and your sleep shall be sweet .
And Pekah the son of Remaliah killed a hundred and twenty thousand in Judah in one day , all sons of valor , because they had forsaken Jehovah , the God of their fathers .
And going out , she said to her mother , What shall I ask ? And she said , The head of John the Baptist .
In a moment they die , and a people are shaken at midnight ; yea , they pass away , and the mighty will be taken without a hand .
By the swords of the mighty I will make your host fall , by the fearful of the nations , all of them . And they shall spoil the pride of Egypt , and all its host shall be destroyed .

Speak to the sons of Israel , and let them take an offering for Me . From every man whose heart impels him , let them take My offering .
does not behave indecently , does not pursue its own things , is not easily provoked , thinks no evil ;
I have raised up one from the north ; and he shall come from the east ; he will call on My name . And he shall come upon rulers as on mortar , and as a potter tramples clay .
Marriage is honorable in all , and the bed undefiled ; but God will judge fornicators and adulterers .
The city of shame is broken down ; every house is shut , that no one may enter .
And my reins shall rejoice when your lips speak right things .
And as David came to Ornan , Ornan looked and saw David , and went out of the threshing-floor and bowed down to David , with his face to the ground .
And then " the Lawless One " will be revealed , " whom " " the Lord " " will consume " " by the spirit of His mouth , " and He will bring to nought by the brightness of His presence .
the king of Makkedah , one ; the king of Bethel , one ;
No straw is given to your slaves , and they are saying to us , Make bricks . And , behold , your slaves are beaten , but your people are at fault .
they , and every animal according to its kind , and every beast according to its kind , and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth according to its kind ; and every fowl according to its kind , every bird of every wing .
And he sent out a raven , and it went out , going out and returning until the waters were dried up from off the earth .
If I have made gold my hope or have called fine gold my trust ;
I will thank You forever , because You have done it ; and I will hope in Your name , for it is good before Your saints .
You shall not fear , O Jacob My servant , says Jehovah , for I am with you . For I will make a full end of all the nations there where I have driven you . But I will not make a full end of you , but I will correct you justly , and by no means will I leave you unpunished .
But even now I know that whatever You may ask God , God will give You .
Then Manoah prayed to Jehovah , and said , O my Lord , the Man of God whom You sent , please let Him come again to us and direct us what we shall do to the boy being born .
He shall feed His flock like a shepherd ; He shall gather lambs with His arm ; and carry them in His bosom ; those with young He will lead ;
High eyes , a proud heart , and the lamp of the wicked , is sin .
And I will stretch out My hand and strike Egypt with all My wonders , which I will do in its midst , and afterward he will send you away .
How sweet are Your words to my palate ! More than honey to my mouth !
And they pulled up from the mount of Jehovah three days' journey . And the ark of the covenant of Jehovah pulled out before them , three days' journey , to seek out a resting place for them .
Declare it in Egypt , and make it heard in Migdol , and make it heard in Noph and in Tahpanhes ; say , Stand fast and get yourself ready , for the sword shall devour all around you .
and spoke to Ephron in the ears of the people of the land , saying , Only if you would hear me . I have given the silver for the field ; take it from me , that I may bury my dead there .
And he said to me , O Daniel , a man greatly beloved , understand the words that I speak to you and stand up . For I am now sent to you . And when he had spoken this word to me , I stood , trembling .
For the sons of Israel and the sons of Judah have only done evil in My eyes from their youth . For the sons of Israel have only provoked Me to anger with the work of their hands , declares Jehovah .
they gave Him vinegar mingled with gall to drink . And having tasted , He would not drink .
And his father-in-law , the young woman's father , detained him . And he stayed with him three days . And they ate and drank , and stayed there .
Palal the son of Uzai repaired across from the corner , and the tower which sticks out from the king's high house , that was by the court of the prison . After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh repaired .

And the open land shall be of the city northward , two hundred and fifty cubits ; and southward , two hundred and fifty ; and eastward , two hundred and fifty ; and westward , two hundred and fifty cubits .
And Jacob was angry , and he argued with Laban . And Jacob answered and said to Laban , What is my transgression ; what my sin that you have hotly pursued me ?
At that time on the sabbath , Jesus went through the grain fields . And His disciples were hungry , and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
And he said , If Esau comes to the one company and strikes it , then it will be , the company that is left shall escape .
It is like a grain of mustard which a man having taken threw into his garden . And it grew and became a great tree , and the birds of the heaven perched in its branches .
And when it is sown , it comes up and becomes greater than all the plants , and produces great branches , so as to enable the birds of the heaven to roost under its shade .
and its leaves being beautiful , and its fruit plentiful , and food for all being in it , under which the animals of the field lived , and in its branches the birds of the sky had their home :

And the waters were healed to this day , according to the word of Elisha that he spoke .
And fire came forth from Jehovah and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered the incense .
And whoever gives only a cup of cold water to drink to one of these little ones in the name of a disciple , truly I say to you , In no way will he lose his reward .
And rose up , and all the people of war , to go up to Ai . And chose thirty thousand men , mighty warriors and sent them away by night .
For there are three bearing witness in Heaven : the Father the Word , and the Holy Spirit ; and these three are one .
And you intermarry with us ; give your daughters to us , and take our daughters for yourselves .
from Sallai was Kallai ; from Amok was Eber ;
But in My speaking with you , I will open your mouth , and you shall say to them , So says the Lord Jehovah . He who hears , let him hear ; and he who stops , let him stop . For they are a rebellious house .
And answering , Peter said to Him , Even if all will be offended in You , I will never be offended .
And Nahash the Ammonite said to them , With this I will cut a covenant for you , when all the right eye is dug out for you ; and I will make it a reproach on all Israel .
And he shall skin the burnt offering , and shall cut it into pieces .
And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of Judah ; they shall feed on them . In the houses of Ashkelon , they shall lie down in the evening , for Jehovah their God shall visit them and return their captivity .
And His disciples questioned Him , saying , What might this parable be ?
Do not listen to Hezekiah . For the king of Assyria says this , Make peace with me and come out to me . Then let each eat of his own vine , and each of his own fig tree , and each drink the waters of his own well ,

" I am the God of Abraham , and the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob ? " God is not God of the dead , but of the living .
He who is short of temper acts foolishly ; and a man of evil plots is hated .
I said , I shall not see Jah Jehovah in the land of the living ; I shall no longer look on man with the world's inhabitants .
Then king Darius wrote to all the peoples , the nations , and the languages who were living in all the earth : Peace be multiplied to you .
And Amnon hated her with a very great hatred , so that the hatred with which he hated her was greater than the love with which he had loved her . And Amnon said to her , Get up and go !
and with the third chariot white horses , and with the fourth dappled and strong colored horses .
And you shall put the mercy seat on the ark of the testimony , in the Holy of Holies .
Let his heart be changed from man's , and let the heart of an animal be given to him . And let seven times pass over him .
I will satisfy him with length of days and will make him see My salvation .
And the words which David had spoken were heard . And they were told before Saul , and he received him .
On account of this I am troubled from His presence ; I consider , and am in dread of Him .
the sons of Giddel , the sons of Gahar , the sons of Reaiah ,
And it happened when Samuel was old , he made his sons judges over Israel .
So I have also made you despised and low to all the people , just as you have not kept My ways , but are lifting up faces in the law .
And , behold , seven ears , withered , lean , blasted by the east wind , sprouting forth after them .
And now , behold , Jehovah has put a spirit of falsehood in the mouth of all these prophets of yours ; and Jehovah has spoken evil as to you !
You shall not cut a covenant for them and for their gods .
Then when they broke fast , Jesus said to Simon Peter , Simon , son of Jonah , do you love Me more than these ? He said to Him , Yes , Lord , You know that I love You . He said to him , Feed My lambs !
Then whoever will humble himself as this little child , this one is the greater in the kingdom of Heaven .
coming against Mysia , they attempted to go along Bithynia , and the Spirit did not allow them .
And she brought near to him to eat . And he lay hold on her , and said to her , Come lie with me , my sister .


And standing in the middle of the Areopagus , Paul said , Men , Athenians , I see how you in everything are fearful of gods ;
For so says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel : The daughter of Babylon is like a grain floor , it is time to tread her . Yet a little while , and the time of her harvest will come .
Then they answered and said before the king , Daniel , who is of the exiled sons of Judah , has not set attention on you , O king , or the ban that you have signed , but he makes his prayer three times in the day .
and said to him , " Go out from your land and from your kindred , " " and come into a land which I will show to you . "

How have you helped the powerless , or saved the arm with no strength ?
And do not lead us into temptation , but deliver us from the evil , for Yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory to the ages . Amen .
And a second time a cock crowed . And Peter remembered the word Jesus said to him , Before a cock crows twice , you will deny Me three times . And thinking on it , he wept .
And , behold , all the city went out to meet with Jesus . And seeing Him , they begged that He move away from their borders .
And the king called to Ziba the servant of Saul , and said to him , All that belonged to Saul and to all his house , I have given to the son of your lord .
nor to give heed to fables and to endless genealogies , which occasion doubts , rather than a stewardship of God in faith ,
every animal , every creeping thing , and every fowl ; all which creeps on the earth . They went forth out of the ark according to their families .
yet his food in his belly shall be turned ; the gall of asps is within him .
the son of Simeon , the son of Judah , the son of Joseph , the son of Jonan , the son of Eliakim ,
For I delivered to you in the first place what I also received , that Christ died for our sins , according to the Scriptures ,
And you shall draw waters out of the wells of salvation with joy .
And these are the generations of Pharez : Pharez fathered Hezron ;
And he turned here and there and saw that no man was there . And he struck the Egyptian and hid him in the sand .
And he made himself strong and built all the wall that was broken , and raised on it the towers , and another at the outside of the wall , and strengthened Millo , the city of David , and made darts in abundance , and shields .
You cleared before it , and You have rooted its roots ; and it has filled the land .

And Ham , the father of Canaan , saw the nakedness of his father . And he told his two brothers outside .
You have also given me the shield of Your salvation ; and Your right hand holds me up ; and Your condescension has made me great .

Their heart cried to the Lord . O wall of the daughter of Zion , let tears go out like a torrent by day and by night ; do not give relief to yourself ; let not the daughter of your eye rest .
And the sons of Benjamin were gathered out of the cities to Gibeah , to go out to battle with the sons of Israel .
And Achish called David and said to him , As Jehovah lives , Surely you are upright and good in my eyes in your going out and in your coming in with me in the camp . For I have not found evil in you from the day of your coming in to me until today . But you are not good in the eyes of the rulers .
Behold , the man who did not make God his strength ; but he trusted in his many riches ; he was strong in his destruction .
And it happened in that night , the word of Jehovah came to Nathan , saying ,
At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of Jehovah . And all nations shall be gathered to it , to the name of Jehovah , to Jerusalem . And they shall not walk any more after the stubbornness of their evil heart .

Truly , then , God overlooking the times of ignorance , now strictly commands all men everywhere to repent ,
But the Lord stood with me and gave me power , that through me the preaching might be fulfilled , and all the nations might hear . And I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion .
Will I eat the flesh of mighty ones , and will I drink the blood of he-goats ?
And Adam lived one hundred and thirty years and fathered a son in his own likeness , according to his image , and called his name Seth .
And answering , Jesus said to him , Do you see these great buildings ? Not one stone shall be left upon a stone which shall not be thrown down .
As for the saints in the earth , they are the excellent ones ; all my delight is in them .
Where now are your prophets who prophesied to you , saying , The king of Babylon shall not come against you , or against this land ?
And Abram was very rich in livestock , in silver and in gold .
I will not leave you orphans ; I am coming to you .
And it happened at the seventh time , he said , Behold , a little cloud like the palm of a man is coming up out of the sea . And he said , Go up and say to Ahab , Bind up and go down , that the rain may not stop you .
And discord having arisen , fearing lest Paul should be torn by them , the chiliarch commanded the soldiery to go down to snatch him out of their midst , and to bring him into the fortress .
And they came as far as the threshing floor of thorns , which is on the other side of the Jordan . And they mourned there with a great and very heavy mourning . And he made a lamentation for his father seven days .
And , behold , here comes a chariot of a man , a pair of horses . And he answered and said , Babylon has fallen , has fallen ! And He has smashed the cut images of her gods to the earth .
Bring your heart in for instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
And he said , I pray , let not my Lord be angry that I may speak only this time ; perhaps ten will be found there . And He said , I will not destroy because of the ten .
He filled the hungry with good things , and He sent the rich away empty .
that this shall be a sign among you , when your children ask hereafter , saying , What are these stones to you ?
And said , A man , an enemy , and a hating one , Haman ! This evil one ! And Haman was afraid before the king and the queen .
Zion spreads forth her hands ; there is not one comforting to her ; Jehovah has commanded concerning Jacob that his enemies should be all around him . Jerusalem has become as an impure thing among them .
And the haft also went in after the blade ; and the fat closed on the blade ; for he did not draw the sword out of his belly . And it came out behind .

And Your servant is in the midst of Your people whom You have chosen , a numerous people that cannot be numbered or counted for multitude .
And now take for you seven young bulls and seven rams and go to My servant Job , and offer a burnt offering for yourselves . And My servant will pray for you . Surely I will lift up his face so as not to do with you according to your folly , in that you have not spoken the right about Me , as My servant Job .
In the days of Herod the king of Judea , there was a certain priest named Zacharias , of the daily course of Abijah . And his wife was of the daughters of Aaron , and her name was Elizabeth .

They return at evening ; they howl like a dog , and go around the city .
But I sent the brothers that our boasting which is on your behalf should not be in vain in this respect , that as I said , you were ready ;
for Your eyes shall be open toward this house by day and by night , toward the place that You have said to put Your name there , to listen to the prayer that Your servant prays toward this place .
It is profitable for him if a millstone turned by an ass is put around his neck , and he be thrown into the sea , than that he should offend one of these little ones .
Rise up ! Walk through the land , in its length and in its breadth , for I will give it to you .
And the ass said to Balaam , Am I not your ass on which you have ridden all your life long to this day ? Was I ever known to do so to you ? And he said , No .
For so says Jehovah to the eunuchs who keep My sabbaths and choose things I am pleased with , and take hold of My covenant :
And the chief priests and the scribes stood fiercely accusing Him .
And he said to him , I am ; Go , say to your lord , Behold , Elijah !
You have seen what I did to Egypt ; and I bore you on wings of eagles and brought you to Me .
And the chief cupbearer returned and found the king of Assyria fighting against Libnah , for he had heard that he had traveled from Lachish .
then you shall take of the first of all the fruit of the ground which you shall bring in from your land which Jehovah your God is giving to you , and shall put it in a basket , and shall go to the place which Jehovah your God shall choose to cause His name to dwell there .

But Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , escaped from Johanan with eight men , and went to the sons of Ammon .
Behold , the days are coming , declares the Lord Jehovah , that I will send a famine into the land , not a famine for bread , nor a thirst for water , but rather a famine for hearing the words of Jehovah .

For this reason I say to you , her many sins are forgiven , for she loved much . But to whom little is forgiven , he loves little .

On the thirteenth day of the month Adar , and on the fourteenth day of the same , they rested and made it a day of feasting and gladness .

But she answered and said to Him , Yes , Lord ; for even the dogs under the table eat from the crumbs of the children .
He who sits on the circle of the earth , even its dwellers are like grasshoppers ; He who stretches the heavens like a curtain , and spreads them like a tent to live in ;
Then Jehovah will create a cloud and smoke by day , and the shining of a flaming fire by night , over all the site of Mount Zion , and over her assemblies ; for on all the glory will be a canopy .
And the rest of the acts of Abijam , and all that he did , are they not written in the Book of the Matters of the Days of the Kings of Judah ? And there was war between Abijam and Jeroboam .
And he shall lay his hand on the head of the burnt offering , and it is accepted for him to make atonement for him .
And it shall be , when he sits on the throne of his kingdom , he shall write for himself a copy of this law in a book , from before the priests , the Levites .
Through the window she looked out ; yea , she cried out , the mother of Sisera , through the lattice ; Why does his chariot delay to come ? Why have the steps of his chariot tarried ?
And the men of the city said to him on the seventh day , before the sun went in , What is sweeter than honey ? And what is stronger than a lion ? And he said to them , Unless you had plowed with my heifer , you would not have found out my riddle .
And the elders of the Jews were building . And they were succeeding through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet , and Zechariah the son of Iddo . And they built , and finished , according to the commandment of the God of Israel and according to the command of Cyrus , and Darius , and Artaxerxes the king of Persia .
So are the ways of everyone who gets unjust gain ; it takes away its owner's soul .
You call Me the Teacher , and , the Lord . And you say well , for I AM .
Jesus answered , Truly , truly , I say to you , if one does not receive birth out of water and Spirit , he is not able to enter into the kingdom of God .
And think of the long-suffering of our Lord as salvation , as also our beloved brother Paul wrote to you , according to the wisdom given to him ;
Salvation is far from the wicked , for they do not seek Your statutes .
And you , son of man , prepare for yourself vessels for exile , and go into exile by day in their sight . And you shall be exiled from your place to another place in their sight . Perhaps they will see that they are a rebellious house .
over them the birds of the heavens dwell ; they give voice from between the branches .

And He made disciples of twelve , that they might be with Him ; and that He might send them to proclaim ,
I stripped other churches , receiving wages for the serving of you .

And it happened when Jezebel heard that Naboth had been stoned , and was dead , Jezebel said to Ahab , Rise up , take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite , that he refused to give to you for silver . For Naboth is not alive , but dead .
And the Levites took the ark of Jehovah down , and the coffer which was with it , in which were the vessels of gold . And they placed them on the great stone . And the men of Beth-shemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed sacrifices in that day to Jehovah .
is not all the land before you ? Please separate from me . If you go to the left , then I will go to the right . Or if you go to the right , then I will go to the left .
And He said to Moses , Come up to Jehovah , you and Aaron , Nadab , and Abihu , and seventy from the elders of Israel . And bow yourselves from a distance .
These are the names of the mighty ones who were called to David : Josheb-basshebeth the Tachmonite , chief of the three . He was called Adino the Eznite , because of the eight hundred he killed at one time .
A Psalm of Asaph God , Jehovah God has spoken , and calls to the earth from the rising of the sun to its setting .
After two days He will bring us to life . In the third day He will raise us up , and we shall live before Him .
The righteous see it and are glad ; and the innocent scornfully laugh ;
Jehovah will fight for you , and you be silent .
And instantly an angel of the Lord struck him , because he did not give the glory to God . And having been eaten by worms , his soul went out .
Then You shall be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness , with burnt offering and whole offering ; then they shall offer bulls on Your altar .
and kept back from the price , his wife also aware of it , and bringing a certain part , he put it at the feet of the apostles .
And God broke open the hollow place which is in Lehi , and water came out of it . And he drank , and his spirit returned , and he revived . Therefore its name is called the Fountain of the Praying One , which is in Lehi to this day .
and the hand of Jehovah was on Elijah , and he girded up his loins and ran before Ahab until you enter Jezreel .
And the sailors were afraid , and each man cried to his god . And they threw out the ship's articles into the sea , to lighten it off of them . But had gone down into the hold of the ship ; and he lay down , and was sound asleep .
when they crouch and bring forth ; they send out their pangs ?
And the king said , Whoever speaks to you , you also shall bring him to me , then he shall not touch you any more .
But if I delay , that you may know how to behave in the house of God , which is the church of the living God , the pillar and foundation of the truth .
But become doers of the Word , and not hearers only , deceiving yourselves .
And when we went into Rome , the centurion delivered the prisoners to the camp commander . But Paul was allowed to remain by himself , with the soldier guarding him .
The encirclement has come to you , O dwellers of the land . The time has come , the day of tumult is near , and not a shout of the hills .
And they pulled up from Rissah and camped in the Meeting Place .
Go , seek Jehovah for me and for him who is left in Israel and in Judah , as to the words of the book that has been found , for great is the wrath of Jehovah that is poured out on us , because our fathers have not kept the word of Jehovah , to do according to all that is written in this book .
A stone is heavy , and sand a burden , but a fool's anger is heavier than both .

Seek Jehovah , and live , that He not break out like a fire on the house of Joseph , and consume , and no one is putting it out for Bethel .
And He shall lift up a banner for the nations , and shall gather the outcasts of Israel , and gather those dispersed from Judah , from the four wings of the earth .
And the sun stood still , and the moon stood still , until the nation was avenged on its foes . Is it not written in the Book of the Upright ? Yea , the sun stood still in the middle of the heavens , and did not hasten to go down for a full day .
And it deceives those dwelling on the earth , because of the signs which were given to it to do before the beast , saying to those dwelling on the earth to make an image to the beast who has the wound of the sword , and lived .
And Noah awoke from his wine . And he came to know what his younger son had done to him .
He rebukes the sea and makes it dry , and dries up the rivers . Bashan and Carmel wither , and the flower of Lebanon withers .
And Joel the son of Zichri was their overseer . And Judah the son of Hassenaah was second over the city .
And he shall have no inheritance among his brothers . Jehovah Himself is his inheritance , as He has spoken to him .
The earth has given its increase ; God , our own God , shall bless us .
Are we not counted strangers by him . For he has sold us , and he has also entirely spent our silver .
Go up into this Mount Abarim , to Mount Nebo in the land of Moab , which is opposite Jericho ; and see the land of Canaan which I am giving to the sons of Israel for a possession ;
from whom all the body , having been fitted and compacted together through every assisting bond , according to the effectual working of one measure in each part , produces the growth of the body to the building up of itself in love .
And he shall confirm a covenant with the many for one week . And in the middle of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the offering to cease . And on a wing of the altar will be abominations that desolate , even until the end . And that which was decreed shall pour out on the desolator .
There are three things that go well in a march ; yea , four that go well in walking :
My soul drops with grief ; Lift me up according to Your word .
Remember , O Lord , the reproach of Your servants , my bearing in my bosom the insults of the many peoples ;
But to be merry and to rejoice was right , for this brother of yours was dead , and lived again ; and being lost , also he was found .
The way of Jehovah is strength to the upright , but ruin is to workers of iniquity .

quenched the power of fire , escaped the mouths of the sword , acquired power from weakness , became strong in war , made armies of foreigners to yield .
Jehovah shall repay your work , and your reward shall be complete from Jehovah the God of Israel , under whose wings you have come to take refuge .

And those seeking my life lay a snare ; yea , those seeking my evil speak ruin , and they utter deceits all the day long .

And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer , and brought them to Jerusalem .
You also shall be drunken ; you shall be hidden ; you also shall seek a fortress from the enemy .
And they set the people , all the camp on the north of the city ; and its rear on the west of the city . And went into the middle of the valley on that night .
And on that day he gave a sign , saying , This is the sign that Jehovah has spoken , Behold , the altar is torn , and the ashes that are on it poured out .
Set in order the buckler and shield , and draw near to battle .
And Abimelech rose up by night , and all the people with him ; and they lay in wait against Shechem in four companies .
Azariah , the son of Hoshaiah , and Johanan , the son of Kareah , and all the proud men , then spoke , saying to Jeremiah , You speak falsely . Jehovah our God has not sent you to say , Do not go to Egypt , to sojourn there .
And Jehovah said to Joshua , See I have given Jericho and its king , mighty warriors , into your hand .
And the Angel of Jehovah found her by a well of water in the wilderness ; by the well in the way of Shur .
Because even Christ once suffered concerning sins , the just for the unjust , that He might bring us to God ; indeed being put to death in the flesh , but made alive in the Spirit ;
And the people said to Saul , Shall Jonathan die , he who did this great deliverance in Israel ? Far be it ! As Jehovah lives , there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground , for he has worked with God this day . And the people rescued Jonathan , and he did not die .
And Elisha was sitting in his house , and the elders were sitting with him . And the king sent a man from before him . Before the messenger came to him , even he himself said to the elders , Do you see that this son of the murderer has sent to take away my head ? Behold , when the messenger comes in , shut the door , and you shall hold him fast at the door . Is not the sound of the feet of his lord behind him ?
And , behold , a woman to meet him , with a harlot's dress , and a guarded heart ;
And the word of Jehovah of hosts was to me , saying ,
Jesus said to them , Did you never read in the Scriptures , " A Stone which the builders rejected is the One that has become the head of the corner . This was from the Lord , and it is a wonder in our eyes ? "
And it happened afterward that Absalom prepared a chariot for himself , and horses , and fifty men running before him .
Let the stars of its twilight be dark ; let it look for light , but have none , let it wait for eyelids of the dawn .
Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart ; they call to Egypt ; they go to Assyria .
Your stature compares to a palm tree , and your breasts to clusters of grapes .
and Joiada fathered Jonathan ; and Jonathan fathered Jaddua .
And spoke yet again before the king and fell down at his feet . And she begged him with tears to put away the evil of Haman the Agagite , and his purpose which he had plotted against the Jews .
For there is not a good tree that produces bad fruit , nor a bad tree that produces good fruit .

A woman came out of Samaria to draw water . Jesus said to her , Give Me some to drink .
And the sons of Benjamin : Belah , and Becher , and Ashbel , Gera , and Naaman , Ehi , and Rosh , and Muppim , and Huppim , and Ard .
Pelatiah , Hanan , Anaiah ,
from the face of the wicked who stripped me ; against my soul , my enemies go all around me .
And Babylon , the glory of the kingdoms , the beauty of the pride of the Chaldeans , shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah .
And David came to Ziklag . And he sent of the plunder to the elders of Judah , to his friends , saying , Behold , a blessing for you of the plunder of the enemies of Jehovah ;
For the wicked is kept for the day of calamity ; they shall be brought to the day of wrath .
The great day of Jehovah is near ; it is near and rushing greatly , the sound of the day of Jehovah . The mighty man shall cry out bitterly there .
I will take no bull out of your house , nor he-goats out of your folds ,
And he shall kill the goat of the sin offering which is the people's , and shall bring in its blood to the inside of the veil , and shall do with its blood as he has done with the blood of the bullock , and shall sprinkle it on the mercy-seat , and at the front of the mercy-seat .
And of Joseph he said , Blessed of Jehovah be his land , with the best of the heavens , for the dew , for the deep crouching beneath ;
And Moses took the tent and pitched it outside the camp , far off from the camp . And he called it the tabernacle of the congregation . And it happened that everyone seeking Jehovah went to the tabernacle of the congregation which was outside the camp .
And by how much it was not apart from the swearing of an oath ;
It is He who builds His staircase in the heavens , and He has founded His binding heavens on the earth ; He who calls for the seawater and pours them out on the face of the earth , Jehovah is His name .
And the three eldest sons of Jesse went out ; they went after Saul to the battle . And the name of his three sons who went into the battle : Eliab , the firstborn ; and his second , Abinadab ; and the third , Shammah .
in whom you also are being built together into a dwelling place of God in the Spirit .
then I will remember My covenant with Jacob ; and also My covenant with Isaac ; and I shall also remember My covenant with Abraham , and I shall remember the land .
I will be glad and rejoice in You ; I will praise Your name , O Most High .

But will God in truth dwell on the earth ? Behold , the heavens and the heavens of the heavens cannot contain You ; how much less this house which I have built !
And the one betraying Him had given them a sign , saying , Whomever I kiss , it is He ; seize Him and lead Him away safely .
But hearing that He had silenced the Sadducees , the Pharisees were gathered together .
And you shall speak to him , and you shall put the words in his mouth . And I will be with your mouth , and with his mouth , and I will teach you what you shall do .
And , behold ! Today I am going in the way of all the earth , and you know with all your heart and with all your soul that there has not failed one thing of all the good things which Jehovah your God has spoken concerning you ; all of it has come to you ; there has not one thing failed of it .
what is man that You are mindful of him , and the son of man , that You visit him ?
And the king said to call to the horoscopists , and to the conjurers , and to the sorcerers and to the Chaldeans , to tell to the king his dreams . And they came and stood before the king .
If they say , Walk with us , let us lie in wait for blood , let us secretly lurk for the innocent without cause ,
The fruit of your body shall be cursed , and the fruit of your land , the offspring of your oxen , and the young ones of your sheep .
Behold , therefore the Lord also brings on them the channels of the River , mighty and many : the king of Assyria and all his glory . And he shall come up over all its channels , and go over all its banks .
forty days , being tested by the Devil . And He ate nothing in those days , and they being ended , He afterwards hungered .
And the days that Jeroboam reigned were twenty two years . And he lay with his fathers , and his son Nadab reigned in his place .
Study the track of your feet , then all your ways will be established .
You have been rebels against Jehovah from the day that I knew you .
And if lifts up a hand of an alien or a tenant with you , and your brother grows poor with him , and he sells himself to an alien , a tenant with you , or to the offshoot of the family of an alien ,
And you shall not forsake the Levite who is within your gates for he has no portion nor inheritance with you .

And he made the table of planks of acacia ; two cubits long , and a cubit wide , and a cubit and a half high .
For if their casting away is the reconciliation of the world , what the reception , except life from the dead ?

The Gazites were told , saying , Samson has come here . And they encircled and set a trap for him all the night at the gate of the city , and kept quiet all night , saying , Until the light of the morning , then we will kill him .
They shall walk after Jehovah ; He shall roar as a lion . When He roars , then sons shall tremble from the west .
And if your offering is a food offering on a griddle , your offering shall be fine flour mixed with oil ;
The avenger of blood shall himself put to death the murderer ; when he meets with him , he shall put him to death .
and Ibneiah the son of Jeroham ; and Elah the son of Uzzi , the son of Michri ; and Meshullam the son of Shephatiah , the son of Reuel , the son of Ibnijah ;

And Adonijah the son of Haggith exalted himself , saying , I will reign . And he prepared a chariot for himself , and horsemen , and fifty men running before his face .
And like the bad figs which cannot be eaten from badness , so says Jehovah : So I shall make Zedekiah the king of Judah , and his rulers , and the remnant of Jerusalem who remain in this land , and those who dwell in the land of Egypt ;

who in the days of His flesh was offering both petitions and entreaties to Him being able to save Him from death , with strong crying and tears , and being heard from His godly fear ;
Grace to you , and peace be multiplied by a full knowledge of God , and of Jesus our Lord .
And they found a man , an Egyptian , in the field , and took him to David , and gave him food , and he ate . And they made him drink water .
and one sea , and twelve oxen under the sea ;
This one was being testified of by the brothers in Lystra and Iconium .
that you may be blameless and harmless , children of God , without fault in the midst of a crooked generation , even having been perverted , among whom you shine as luminaries in the world ,
And you shall bind them for a sign on your hand ; and they shall be for frontlets between your eyes .
Are they ministers of Christ ? ( I speak as beside myself . ) I being beyond them : in labors , more abundantly ; in stripes , beyond measure ; in prisons , much more ; in deaths , many times .
He asked for water ; she gave him milk ; in a lordly bowl she brought curd .
And answering , he said to Him , Teacher , I observed all these from my youth .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Take all the leaders of the people and hang them up to Jehovah before the sun , that the fierce anger of Jehovah may be turned away from Israel .
He who has pity on the poor lends to Jehovah , and He will reward his dealing to him .

And of the sons of Issachar , having understanding of the times , to know what Israel should do . Their heads were two hundred , and all their brothers were at their mouth .
He was a son of thirty five years when he began to reign . And he reigned twenty five years in Jerusalem . And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi .
All Your commands are faithful ; they persecute me with lying ; help me !
Behold , I will bring a nation on you from far away , O house of Israel , declares Jehovah . It is an enduring nation ; it is an ancient nation , a nation whose language you do not know , nor understand what they say .
For I know that in me , that is in my flesh , dwells no good . For to will is present to me , but to work out the good I do not find .

And I will speak of Your testimonies before kings , and will not be ashamed .
One sacrificing to a god shall be destroyed , unless it is only to Jehovah .
From the sons of Pahathmoab , Elihoenai the son of Zerahiah , and two hundred males with him .

( because your heart was tender , and you have bowed before Jehovah when you heard what I spoke against this place , and against its inhabitants , to become a desolation and a curse , and have torn your clothes , and have wept before Me ; ) even also I have heard , says Jehovah .
And great crowds followed Him , and He healed them there .
But I will send a fire against the wall of Tyre , and it shall devour its palaces .
And Joab was over all the army of Israel , and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada over the Cherethites and over the Pelethites .
Why is your mighty one swept away ? He did not stand because Jehovah thrust him down .
blessed the man to whom the Lord will in no way charge sin . " ;

In that day you shall know that I am in My Father , and you are in Me , and I am in you .
And suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the jail were shaken . And immediately all the doors were opened , and all of the bonds were loosened .

But if in his eyes the scab has stabilized , and black hair has sprung up in it , the scab has been healed ; he is clean . And the priest shall pronounce him clean .
And he rose up early in the morning to go on the fifth day . And the young woman's father said , Please refresh your heart . And they stayed until the turning of the day . And they ate , both of them .
For all seek their own things , not the things of Christ Jesus .
Furthermore , indeed we have had fathers of our flesh as correctors , and we respected them . Shall we not much more be subject to the Father of spirits , and we shall live ?

And when a man brings near a sacrifice of peace offerings to Jehovah , to complete a vow , or for a freewill offering , of the herd or of the flock , it shall be perfect to be accepted ; no blemish shall be in it ;
And he who strikes his father or his mother shall surely be put to death .
and gather all the assembly together at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
They have bowed down and have fallen , but we have risen and stand upright .
Even still they have done this to Me : They have defiled My sanctuary in that day , and have profaned My sabbaths .
My Father who has given them to Me is greater than all , and no one is able to pluck out of My Father's hand .
John going before to proclaim before the face of His entrance a baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel .
But when Peter came to Antioch , I opposed him to his face , because he was to be blamed .
Righteousness exalts a nation , but sin is a shame to any people .
And taking him , they killed him and threw him outside the vineyard .
And Shephatiah the son of Mattan , and Gedaliah the son of Pashur , and Jucal , the son of Shelemiah , and Pashur , the son of Melchiah , heard the words that had spoken to all the people , saying ,
And its food offering shall be two tenth parts of flour mixed with oil , a fire offering to Jehovah , a sweet fragrance ; and its drink offering , a fourth of a hin of wine .
and He " put all things under His feet " and gave Him to be Head over all things to the church ,
God shall enlarge Japheth , and he shall live in the tents of Shem , and Canaan shall be their slave .

They cried , but no one is there to save ; to Jehovah , but He did not answer them .
This was the word of Jehovah that He spoke to Jehu , saying , Your son of the fourth generation shall sit to you on the throne of Israel ; and it was so .
And as they were eating , Jesus taking a loaf , blessing , He broke and gave to them . And He said , Take , eat , this is My body .
Stand now among your spells , and with your many sorceries , in which you have wearied yourself since your youth . Perhaps you will be able to profit ; perhaps may cause quaking .
And they caused the ark of God to ride on a new cart , and took it from the house of Abinadab , which is in the hill . And Uzzah and Ahio the sons of Abinadab were leading the new cart .

And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years . And he died .
And they rose up out of Midian and came to Paran , and they took men with them out of Paran and came into Egypt , to Pharaoh the king of Egypt . And he gave him a house and commanded bread for him , and gave land to him .
And the priest shall take the basket out of your hand and place it before the altar of Jehovah your God .
From the first day of the seventh month they began to offer burnt offerings to Jehovah . But the foundation of the temple of Jehovah was not laid .
then I will make this house like Shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
When the man went out eastward , and the line in his hand , he measured a thousand cubits . And he passed me through the water , water to the ankles .
A Psalm of David , when he fled from his son Absalom O Jehovah , how my adversaries have multiplied ! Many are the ones who rise against me .
and die in the mountain where you are going , and be gathered to your people , even as your brother Aaron died on Mount Hor , and was gathered to his people ;
But a priest's daughter , when she is a widow , or put away , and has no seed , and has turned back to her father's house , as in her youth , she shall eat of her father's bread . But no stranger shall eat of it .
And Joseph heaped up grain like the sand of the sea , exceedingly much , until he ceased to count it , because it was without number .
And the prophet went and stood for the king on the highway , and disguised himself with ashes on his eyes .
And I will pronounce My judgments against them regarding all their evil , those who have forsaken Me and have burned incense to other gods , and have worshiped the works of their hands .
And Jacob said , Sell me your birthright today .
On account of this that place is called The Well of Sheba , because the two of them swore there .
And that which one redeems from the Levites , both the sale of a house , and the city of his possession , shall go out in the jubilee . For the houses of the cities of the Levites are their possession in the midst of the sons of Israel .
Let a man think of us as ministers of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God .

And Saul sent messengers to take David . And she said , He is sick .
And a crowd passing through , he asked what this might be .
You make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
And a vision appeared to Paul during the night : a certain man of Macedonia was standing , entreating him and saying , Passing over into Macedonia , help us !
And this is the reason of the labor force that king Solomon raised , to build the house of Jehovah , and his own house , and Millo , and the wall of Jerusalem , and Hazor , and Megiddo , and Gezer .
After him Meremoth the son of Urijah the son of Koz repaired another piece , from the door of the house of Eliashib even to the end of the house of Eliashib .
In their going , these went ; and in their standing still , these stood still . And in their being lifted up from the earth , the wheels were lifted up along with them . For the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels .
coming to me and standing by , he said to me , Brother Saul , look up . And in the same hour I looked up on him .

having a golden altar of incense , and the ark of the covenant covered around on all sides with gold , in which was the golden pot having the manna , and Aaron's rod that budded , and the tablets of the covenant ;
And the queen of Sheba saw the wisdom of Solomon , and the house that he had built ,
Correct your son , and you will get rest , and it will give delight to your soul .
They bray among the bushes ; they huddle together under the nettles ;
The house of our holiness and our beauty where our fathers praised You has become a burning of fire , and all our pleasant things have become a ruin .
And my spirit within me has fainted ; my heart within me is stunned .
and that which He has done to the army of Egypt , to its horses , and to its chariots , when He caused the waters of the Sea of Reeds to flow over them as they chased them . And Jehovah destroyed them to this day ;
men from Shechem came from Shiloh , and from Samaria , eighty men , having their beards shaved , and their clothes torn , and having cut themselves , and with offerings and incense in their hand , to bring to the house of Jehovah .
The sons of Levi : Gershon , Kohath , and Merari .
Answering at that time , Jesus said , I praise You , Father , Lord of Heaven and of Earth , because You hid these things from the sophisticated and cunning and revealed them to babes .
it is better to trust in Jehovah than to trust in princes .
Shepherd the flock of God among you , exercising oversight , not by compulsion , but willingly ; nor eagerly for base gain , but readily ;
And Tamar was told , saying , Behold , your father-in-law is going up to Timnah to shear his flocks .
So Jehovah , the God of Hosts , the Lord , says this : Wailing shall be in all streets , and they shall say in all the highways , Alas ! Alas ! And they shall call the farmer to the mourning , and those knowing wailing to lamentation .
With the merciful , You reveal Yourself as merciful ; with an upright man , You reveal yourself as upright ;
I have come as a Light to the world , that everyone who believes into Me may not remain in the darkness .
Hear this , O priests , and listen , house of Israel . And give ear , house of the king . For the judgment is toward you , because you have been a snare to Mizpah , and a net spread on Tabor .
And throw the worthless slave out into the outer darkness . There will be weeping and gnashing of the teeth .
And he gave the table into the tabernacle of the congregation , on the side of the tabernacle , northward outside the veil .
having your behavior good among the nations , in that which they speak against you as evildoers ; by observing your good works , they may glorify God in a day of visitation .

Everyone hearing the Word of the kingdom , and not understanding , then the evil one comes and catches away that which was sown in his heart . This is that sown by the roadside .
But you are thrown from your grave like a despised branch , like the covering of the slain , those pierced by the sword , those who go down into the stones of the Pit , like a dead body trampled under foot .
And Conaniah , and Shemaiah , and Nethaneel , his brothers ; and Hashabiah , and Jeiel , and Jozabad , chiefs of the Levites , lifted up to the Levites five thousand for passover offerings , and five hundred oxen .
And when he had spoken such words to me , I set my face to the ground , and I became speechless .
And it shall be , I will go away from you , and the Spirit of Jehovah will lift you up , where I do not know , and I will come to tell Ahab , and he will not find you , and he will kill me . And your servant has feared Jehovah from my youth .
And David said to his son Solomon , Be strong and brave , and act . Do not fear , nor be afraid , for Jehovah God , my God , shall be with you . He will not fail you nor forsake you until you have finished all the work of the service of the house of Jehovah .
And the one overcoming , and the one keeping My works until the end , " I will give to him authority over the nations , "
I , even I , will call to God , and Jehovah will save me .
And there were six stone waterpots standing , according to the purification of the Jews , each containing two or three measures .

He turned to the west side , measuring five hundred reeds with the measuring reed .
And Baal-hanan died ; and Hadad reigned in his place ; and his city's name , Pai , and his wife's name , Mehetabel the daughter of Matred , the daughter of Mezahab .
A Song of Ascents . Of David . Behold ! How good and how pleasant is the living of brothers , even in unity .
He took his brother by the heel in the womb , and by his strength he contended with God .
And Jehovah is He who is going before you ; He Himself shall be with you ; He shall not fail you nor forsake you . Do not fear nor be afraid .
The righteous shall inherit the earth and live on it forever .
and the gecko , and the monitor , and the lizard , and the sand lizard , and the barn owl .
And Elijah said to them , Seize the prophets of Baal ; do not let a man of them escape . And they caught them , and Elijah brought them down to the Kishon and killed them there .
And Jehovah said to Moses , I have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people .
Then I went up in the night by the torrent , and examined the wall , and turned back , and entered by the Valley Gate , and returned .
And he said to them , Come again to me in three days ; and the people left .
For the Amramites , for the Izharites , for the Hebronites , for the Uzzielites .
He who tills his land shall be satisfied with bread , but he chasing vanities lacks heart .
For to this end also the gospel was preached to the dead , that they might be judged according to men in the flesh , but might live according to God in the Spirit .
And let the young woman who pleases the king rule instead of Vashti . And the thing pleased the king , and he did so .
Roll your works on Jehovah , and your thoughts shall be established .

When there is a man whose labor is with wisdom , and with knowledge , and with advantage ; yet he shall give it to a man who has not labored with it , for his share ; this also is vanity and a great evil .
And Jezebel sent a messenger to Elijah , saying , So let the gods do , and more so , if not at this time tomorrow I will cause your life to be as the life of one of them .
Make Him drunk , for he magnified himself against Jehovah . Moab also shall wallow in his vomit , and he also shall be a mockery .

And you , son of man , take up a lament in Tyre .
he also shall drink of the wine of the anger of God having been mixed undiluted in the cup of His wrath . And he will be tormented by fire and brimstone before the holy angels and before the Lamb .
And the runners went with letters from the king's hand , and his leaders , to all Israel and Judah ; even by the king's command , saying , O sons of Israel return to Jehovah , the God of Abraham , Isaac , and Israel . And He shall return to the remnant left of you from the hand of the king of Assyria .
The tenth was to Shimei , his sons and his brothers , twelve .
And they shall call them , The Holy People , the Redeemed of Jehovah . And to you it shall be called , Sought Out , A City Not Forsaken .
Hear , O Israel , Jehovah our God is one Jehovah .
Wash yourselves , purify yourselves . Put away the evil of your doings from My sight ; stop doing evil .

And it happened , in the twenty third year of King Joash , that the priests had not repaired the breach of the house .
What this one held , she did . She took beforehand to anoint My body for the burial .
What is to you here ? And who is here to you , that you have carved a tomb for yourself here , as one having cut out his tomb on high , having carved out a home for himself in the rock ?

Let the bondage be heavy on the men , that they may work in it , and may not trust in the lying words .
And in the third year of his reign , he sent for his leaders , for Benhail , and for Obadiah , and for Zechariah , and for Nethaneel , and for Michaiah , in order to teach in the cities of Judah .

And this is the judgment , that the Light has come into the world , and men loved the darkness more than the Light , for their works were evil .
I am the Good Shepherd ! The Good Shepherd lays down His life for the sheep .
Remember the word which Moses the servant of Jehovah commanded you , saying , Jehovah your God has given you rest , and He has given to you this land ;
And it happened in the morning that Jonathan went out in the field for the meeting with David . And a little boy was with him .
to offer the burnt offerings to Jehovah on the altar of the burnt offering continually , to the morning , and to evening , even to all that was written in the law of Jehovah , which He commanded Israel ;
And it happened in the morning , and Balak took Balaam and caused him to go up to the high places of Baal . And from there he saw the edge of the people .
And the hands of Moses became heavy . And they took a stone and put it under him . And he sat on it . And Aaron and Hur held up his hands , one from this and one from that side . And his hands were steady until the going of the sun .
in which my father fought for you , and cast aside his life , and delivered you from the hand of Midian ;
And Ben-hadad the king of Syria gathered all his army together ; and there were thirty two kings with him , and horses and chariots ; and he went up and besieged Samaria , and fought against it .
No number is to the gold , and to the silver , and to the bronze , and to the iron ; rise up and act , for Jehovah is with you .
and not finding His body , they came saying to have seen a vision of angels also , who say Him to be alive .


And his second was Chileab , of Abigail the former wife of Nabal of Carmel . And the third was Absalom the son of Maacah , the daughter of Talmai the king of Geshur .
Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice Right ! According to your word it is on us to do .
And the morning and evening vision that was told is true . But you shall shut up the vision , for it shall be for many days .
And also , there were many burnt offerings with fat of the peace offerings , and with drink offerings for the burnt offering ; and the service of the house of Jehovah was established .
Bel has bowed ; Nebo stoops ; their idols are for the beast , and for the cattle ; your things carried are loads ; a burden for the weary .

As the appearance of the bow that is in the cloud in the day of the rain , so appeared the brightness all around . This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of Jehovah . And I saw , and I fell on my face , and I heard a voice of One speaking .

But from those seeming to be something ( of what kind they were then does not matter to me ; God does not accept the face of man ) , for those seeming important conferred nothing to me ;
Remove Your palm from me , and let not Your terror make me afraid .
But putting all outside , and taking hold of her hand , He called out , saying , Child , rise up !
Sihon the king of the Amorites who lived in Heshbon , and ruled from Aroer , which is on the bank of the river Arnon , and from its valley floor , and half Gilead , even to the river Jabbok , the border of the sons of Ammon ;

Praise Him in His mighty acts ; praise Him according to His excellent greatness .
And the sons of the exile did so . And the priest with men , heads of the fathers , according to the house of their fathers , and all of them by names , were separated . And they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
This is the gate of Jehovah , the righteous shall enter into it .
and now , my father laid a heavy yoke on you , and I will surely add to your yoke ; my father chastised you with whips , and I with scorpions .
the leaders' voice was hidden ; yea , their tongue clung to the roof of their mouth .
No one shall take in pledge the lower and upper millstone , for he is taking a man's life to pledge .

and Elienai , and Zilthai , and Eliel ,
And many crowds followed Him from Galilee and Decapolis , and Jerusalem , and Judea , and beyond the Jordan .
darts are counted as straw ; he laughs at the shaking of a javelin .
And she bore to him sons : Jeush , and Shamariah , and Zaham .
But now the younger ones laugh at me ; those whose fathers I would have refused to set with the dogs of my flock .
These were the numbered ones of the sons of Israel , six hundred and one thousand , seven hundred and thirty .
They set night for day ; light is near in the face of darkness .
And his lord said to him , Well done , good and faithful slave . You were faithful over a few things ; I will set you over many . Enter into the joy of your lord .
And this is the witness of John , when the Jews sent priests and Levites that they might ask him , Who are you ?

Truly , all things are pure to the pure , but to the ones having been defiled and unbelieving , nothing is pure , but even their mind and conscience has been defiled .
And you shall overlay it with pure gold , its top , and its walls all around , and its horns . And you shall make a wreath of gold for it all around .
And a thousand men were with him from Benjamin ; also Ziba , the servant of the house of Saul , and his thirteen sons and his twenty servants with him . And they had rushed over the Jordan before the king .
My lovers and my friends stand apart from my stroke , and my neighbors have stood far off .
that their hearts may be comforted , being joined together in love , and to all riches of the full assurance of the understanding , to the full knowledge of the mystery of God , even of the Father and of Christ ,
For John the Baptist has come neither eating bread nor drinking wine , and you say , He has a demon .
and the altar of bronze that Bezaleel the son of Uri , the son of Hur , had made , he put it before the tabernacle of Jehovah ; and Solomon and the congregation sought to it .
And it happened , after this , that David struck the Philistines , and humbled them , and took Gath and its towns out of the hand of the Philistines .
Shall not the land tremble for this , and all who dwell in it mourn ? And all of it shall rise up like the light , and it shall overflow and sink like the Nile of Egypt .
And Zedekiah the king said , Behold , he is in your hand . For . the king cannot do anything against you .
Do not give your strength to women , or your ways to that which wipes out kings .
Moab is My washpot ; I will throw My shoe out over Edom ; I will shout in triumph over Philistia .
And it happened in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah , king of Judah , this word was to from Jehovah , saying ,
The voice of Your thunder in the tempest ; lightnings lit up the world ; the earth trembled and quaked !
You shall not sow your vineyard with different kinds of seeds , that the fruit of your seed which you have sown and the fruit of your vineyard not be defiled .
And Heber fathered Japhlet , and Shomer , and Hotham , and Shua their sister .


As when one plows and tears the earth , so our bones are scattered at the mouth of Sheol .
But in every case you shall let the mother go , and take the young for yourself , so that it may be well with you , and you may prolong your days .
but death reigned from Adam until Moses , even on those who had not sinned in the likeness of Adam's transgression , who is a type of the coming One .
and now I have chosen and sanctified this house for My name to be there forever ; yea , My eyes and My heart shall be there perpetually .
From the sons of Shechaniah , the son of Jahaziel , and three hundred males with him .
But , indeed , he of the slave woman has been born according to flesh , and he out of the free woman through the promise ,
When you pass through the waters , I will be with you ; and through the rivers , they shall not overflow you . When you walk in the fire , you shall not be burned , nor shall the flame kindle on you .
And their eyes were opened . And Jesus strictly ordered them , saying , See , let no one know .
And leaning on the breast of Jesus , he said to Him , Lord , who is it ?
But I have spoken these things to you so that when the hour comes you may recall them , that I told you these things . But I did not say these things to you from the beginning because I was with you .
So He knows their works ; and He overturns in the night , so that they are crushed .
However , Job , now hear my speech and listen to all my words .
Because of this , He says , " Having gone up on high , He led captivity captive , " and gave " gifts to men . "
Those who form a carved image are all of them vanity . And their delights do not profit ; and they are their own witnesses . They do not see , nor know , that they may be ashamed .
And they rose up early in the morning and worshiped before Jehovah . And they went back and came to their house in Ramah . And Elkanah knew his wife Hannah , and Jehovah remembered her .
And it was told to king Solomon that Joab had fled to the tabernacle of Jehovah , and , behold , he was by the altar . And Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , saying , Go , fall on him .


even he stuck it into the pan , or kettle , or caldron , or pot ; all that the hook brought up , the priest took for himself . So they did to all Israel who came in there to Shiloh .
And it happened on the seventh day , they said to Samson's wife , Entice your husband , that he may declare to us the riddle , lest we burn you and your father's house with fire . Have you called for us to make us poor ? Is it not so ?

And they love the first couch in the suppers , and the first seats in the synagogues ,
And they departed and lived in the inn of Chimham , which is by Bethlehem , to go to enter Egypt ,
They brought him to the Pharisees , the one once blind .
even every living thing which divides the hoof , and is not clovenfooted , and does not bring up the cud , they are unclean to you ; anyone who touches them shall be unclean .
And afterward the sons of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites who inhabited the mountains , and the Negeb , and the lowlands .
And your older sister is Samaria , she and her daughters who are dwelling on your left . And your younger sister from you who dwells on the right is Sodom and her daughters .
And I have come down to deliver them from the hand of the Egyptians , and to bring them up from that land to a good and broad land , to a land flowing with milk and honey ; to the place of the Canaanite , and the Hittite , and the Jebusite .
And as to Moses the man of God , his sons were named of the tribe of Levi .
And the sons of Oholibamah , Esau's wife : Chief Jeush , Chief Jaalam , Chief Korah . These were the chiefs of Oholibamah , the daughter of Anah , Esau's wife .
A fool's vexation is known in a day , but the astute one covers shame .
and every shrub of the field was not yet on the earth , and every plant of the field had not yet sprung up ; for Jehovah God had not sent rain on the earth , and there was no man to till the ground .
Like a sharp razor , your tongue devises ruin , working deceit .
He measured the east side with the measuring reed , five hundred reeds with the measuring reed , all around .

Sons , hear the instruction of a father , and listen so as to know understanding .
And all the crowds were amazed , and said , Is this not the son of David ?

He fashions wood , and stretches a line ; he marks it with a stylus ; he shapes it with a carving tool , and he marks it with a compass . And he makes it according to the figure of a man , as the beauty of a man , to sit in the house .
And the men of Israel said to Gideon , rule over us , both you and your son , and your son's son , for you have delivered us from the hand of Midian .
And Eliakim the son of Hilkiah , and Shebna , and Joah said to the chief of the cupbearers , Please speak Aramaic to your servants , for we understand ; and do not speak with us in Jewish , in the ears of the people on the wall .
And he took the crown of the kingdom off his head . And its weight was a talent of gold , and a precious stone in it . And it was set on David's head . And he brought out the plunder of the city in great abundance .
And he brought Aaron's sons , and Moses put of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the big toe of their right foot . And Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar all around ,
I say , then , Did not they stumble that they fall ? Let it not be ! But by their slipping away came salvation to the nations , to provoke them to jealousy .
And of Zebulun he said , Rejoice , O Zebulun , in your going out , and O Issachar , in your tents ;
And they did not receive Him , because His face was going toward Jerusalem .

Many shall be purified and made white and tested . But the wicked shall do wickedly . And not one of the wicked shall understand , but the wise shall understand .
Shall mortal man be more just than God ? Shall a man be purer than his Maker ?
And Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty warrior . And he was the son of a harlot woman ; and Gilead fathered Jephthah .
And the chief priests and the scribes sought how to destroy Him ; for they feared the people .


and Chesed , and Hazo , and Pildash , and Jidlaph , and Bethuel .
Behold , I have longed for Your precepts ; grant to me life in Your righteousness .
Then the word of Jehovah was to Jeremiah , after the king had burned the roll and the words which Baruch wrote from the mouth of Jeremiah , saying ,
For the Pharisees and all the Jews do not eat unless they immerse the hands with the fist , holding the tradition of the elders .
A faithful man shall be full of blessings , but he rushing to be rich shall not be innocent .
And some of those with us went to the tomb , and found it so , even as the women also said ; but they did not see Him .
Look at Israel according to flesh ; are not those eating the sacrifices partakers of the altar ?
To the chief musician . To Jeduthun . A Psalm of David . Only to God is my soul silent ; from Him comes my salvation .
And he said to them , What do you advise that we shall answer this people that have spoken to me , saying , Lighten the yoke that your father put on us ?
And God said to Abraham , You shall keep My covenant , you and your seed after you in their generations .
And Jacob took a stone and set it up as a memorial .
And if you are not chastised by Me by these things , and shall walk contrary to Me ,
And the king stood in his place and made the covenant before Jehovah , to walk after Jehovah , and to keep His commandments and His testimonies and His statutes with all his heart , and with all his soul , to do the words of the covenant that were written in this book .

Help us , O God of our salvation , for the matter of the glory of Your name ; and deliver us and atone for our sins , for Your name's sake .
But love your enemies , and do good , and lend , hoping for nothing in return ; and your reward will be much ; and you will be sons of the Most High , for He is kind to the unthankful and evil ones .
that you turn away today from following after Jehovah ? And it shall be that today you rebel against Jehovah , and tomorrow He shall be angry with all the company of Israel .
Hypocrites ! You know to discern the face of the earth and of the heaven , but how is it you do not discern this time ?
Why do I take my flesh in my teeth and put my life in my hand ?
God reigns over the nations ; God sits on the throne of His holiness .
Then they took the body of Jesus and bound it in linens , with the spices , as is usual with the Jews in burying .
What is your Beloved more than another Beloved , most beautiful among women ? What is your Beloved more than another Beloved , that you adjure us so ?
For Jehovah had said to them , They shall surely die in the wilderness ; and not a man of them should be left except Caleb the son of Jephunneh , and Joshua the son of Nun .
And it happened , in the eighteenth year of king Josiah , the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah , the son of Meshullam , the scribe , to the house of Jehovah , saying ,
So then remove vexation from your heart , and put away evil from your flesh . For childhood and prime of life are vanity .
to execute vengeance on the nations , punishment on the peoples ;
Let everyone be on guard against his neighbor , and do not trust any brother . For every brother will supplant , and every neighbor will walk as a slanderer .

And Shallum the son of Kore , the son of Ebiasaph , the son of Korah , and his brothers , of his father's house , the Korahites , were over the work of the service , keepers of the gates of the tabernacle . And their fathers were over the camp of Jehovah , keepers of the entry .
But he would not , but going away he threw him into prison until he pay back the amount owing .
The enemy has spread out his hand on all her desirable things . Indeed , she has seen the nations enter into her holy place , whom You commanded that they not enter into Your congregation .
O my soul , why are you cast down ? And why do you moan within me ? Hope in God , for I yet thank Him for the salvation of my face and my God .

who received the Law by the disposition of angels and did not keep it .
Why do the nations say , Where is their God now ?
And Solomon told her all her matters ; and there was nothing hidden from Solomon that he did not declare to her .
then You shall hear in Heaven Your dwellingplace and shall forgive and shall act , and shall give to each according to all his ways , whose heart You know ( for You have known , You alone , the heart of all the sons of Adam ) ,
One shall say , I am Jehovah's ; and another will call by the name of Jacob ; and this one shall write with his hand , For Jehovah ; and be named by the name of Israel .
You cracked open the heads of leviathan ; You gave him to be food for the people of the wilderness .
This is the sea , great and wide on both hands ; there are creeping things even without number ; living things , small and great .
which none of the rulers of this age has known . For if they had known , they would not have crucified the Lord of glory ;
And Jehovah said to Moses , Go to Pharaoh , and say to him , So says Jehovah , Send away My people that they may serve Me .
If a ransom is put on him , he shall give the redemption of his life , according to all which is put on him .
O my Strength , let me look to You ; for God is my strong tower .
Judah went captive from affliction , and from great slavery . She dwells among the nations ; She finds no rest . All her pursuers have overtaken her between the straits .
This is the inheritance of the tribe of the sons of Naphtali by their families , the cities and their villages .

And it happened when the days of his service were fulfilled , he went away to his house .
Jude , a slave of Jesus Christ , and brother of James , to the ones called in God the Father , having been set apart , and having been kept to Jesus Christ :
And the woman came and spoke to her husband , saying , A Man of God has come to me , and His appearance was like the appearance of the Angel of God , very terrifying . And I did not ask Him where He was from , and He did not tell me His name .
And cherubs and palm trees were made on them , on the doors of the temple , like those made on the walls ; and thick wood was on the face of the porch outside .
and Adoraim , and Lachish , and Azekah ,
And Jehovah did so . And teeming swarms of flies came into Pharaoh's house , and the house of his servants , and into all the land of Egypt . And the land was destroyed before the swarms of flies .
and sacrificed and burned incense in the high places , and on the heights , and under every green tree .
And she conceived again and bore a son , and said , Surely Jehovah has heard that I am hated and has given this one to me also . And she called his name Simeon .
And Israel said to Joseph , See , I am dying ; and God will be with you , and will return you to the land of your fathers .

for the redemption of their soul is precious , and it ceases forever ,

Who can take off the face of his covering ; who can come with his double bridle ?
For whoever does the will of God , this one is My brother , and My sister , and My mother .
Also , in the fifteenth day of the seventh month , when you gather the increase of the land , you shall keep the feast of Jehovah seven days ; on the first day a sabbath , and on the eighth day a sabbath .
Treasures of wickedness profit nothing , but righteousness delivers from death .
Afterward , as they reclined , He was revealed to the Eleven . And He reproached their unbelief and hardness of heart , because they did not believe those who had seen Him , having been raised .
And Abimelech remained in Arumah . And Zebul threw Gaal and his brothers out from living in Shechem .
But the wicked are like the driven sea , which cannot be quiet , and its waves cast up mire and dirt .
He faithful in the least is also faithful in much . And he unrighteous in the least is also unrighteous in much .
And Abimelech said , What is this you have done to us ? One of the people had in a little lain with your wife , and you would have caused to come on us guilt .

And all the rulers came to and asked him . And he told them according to all these words that the king had ordered . And they were silent with him , for the matter was not heard .
And He finished talking with him . And God went up from Abraham .
For Your mercy is before my eyes ; and I have walked in Your truth .
And Jehovah our God also gave Og the king of Bashan into our hands , and all his people . And we struck him until not one survivor was left to him .
Then the lambs shall feed as in their pasture , and strangers shall eat the waste places of the fatlings .
Woe to the inhabitants of the seacoast , the nation of the Cherethites ! The word of Jehovah is against you , Canaan , the land of the Philistines ; I will destroy you so there not shall be an inhabitant .
Hepher the Mecherathite , Ahijah the Pelonite ,
a land of wheat and barley and vines and fig trees and pomegranates , a land of olive oil and honey ,

And God blessed them , saying , Be fruitful and multiply , and fill the waters in the seas ; and let the birds multiply in the earth .
And many people were gathered , and they stopped all the fountains , and the torrent that was rushing through the land , saying , Why should the kings of Assyria come and find much water ?
Because of Your temple over Jerusalem , kings shall bring a present to You .
Because Jehovah is not able to bring this people into the land which He swore to them , therefore He has slain them in the wilderness .
And they said to themselves , Who will roll away the stone from the door of the tomb for us ?
if we endure , we shall also reign with Him ; if we deny Him , that One will deny us ;
And he said to Him . I will give all these things to You if falling down , You will worship me .
Do not give sleep to your eyes , or slumber to your eyelids .
And you , son of man , do not be afraid of them and of their words . Do not be afraid , though briers and thorns are with you , and though you are living among scorpions . Do not be afraid of their words , and do not be frightened by their faces , though they are a house of rebellion .
And it happened in the third year , Jehoshaphat the king of Judah came down to the king of Israel .
For God gave into their hearts to do His mind , and to act in one mind , and to give their kingdom to the beast , until the words of God shall be fulfilled .
And the sound of the wings of cherubs was heard over the outer court , as the voice of God Almighty when He speaks .
And Jehoshaphat said , Is there not here a prophet of Jehovah besides , that we might inquire of him ?
Foods for the belly , and the belly for foods , but God will destroy both this and these . But the body is not for fornication , but for the Lord , and the Lord for the body .
And Joktan fathered Almodad , and Sheleph , and Hazar-maveth , and Jerah ,
They hear that I sigh ; there is no comforter to me . All my enemies have heard my evil ; they rejoice that You have done it . You will bring the day that You have called , and they shall be like me .
And you shall grope at noonday as the blind grope in darkness . And you shall not prosper in your ways . And you shall be always oppressed and plundered all the days ; and there will be no one to save .
And the woman hurried and ran , and told her husband , and said to him , Behold , He has appeared to me , the Man who came to me that day .
Mount Zion shall be glad ; the daughters of Judah shall shout for joy because of Your judgments .
And king Solomon increased more than any of the kings of the earth for riches and wisdom .


And this : the one sowing sparingly will also reap sparingly , and the one sowing on hope of blessings will also reap on blessings .
And I did not know Him , but the One sending me to baptize in water , that One said to me , On whomever you see the Spirit coming down and abiding on Him , this is the One baptizing in the Holy Spirit .
speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs , singing and praising in your heart to the Lord ,
And after he fathered Enos , Seth lived eight hundred and seven years . And he fathered sons and daughters .
And He said to Abram , You must surely know that your seed shall be an alien in a land not theirs ; and they shall serve them . And they shall afflict then four hundred years ;

Peoples heard ; they tremble ; trembling seized the dwellers of Philistia .
And his sons did to him as he had commanded them .
when he is judged , let him go out wicked ; and let his prayer become sin ;
And Jehovah was with him . He acted prudently every place he went . And he rebelled against the king of Assyria and would not serve him .
And we shall come in to him , in one of the places , there where he shall be found . And we shall fall on him as the dew falls on the ground . And of all the men who are with him , not even one shall be left .

So then I hated life ; because the work that is done under the sun is evil to me ; for all is vanity and striving after wind .
Out of the brightness before Him , His dark clouds passed through , hailstones and coals of fire .
And now , flee to your place . I thought to honor you with great honor , but , behold , Jehovah has kept you back from honor .
And they said to Moses , You speak with us , and we will hear . And let us not speak with God , that we not die .
And the younger also bore a son and called his name Ben-ammi ; he is the father of the Ammonites to this day .
according to the custom of the priests , entering into the Holy Place of the Lord , it was Zacharias' lot to burn incense .
But rising up , Peter ran to the tomb , and stooping down he saw the linen lying alone . And he went away wondering to himself at what had happened .

O Jehovah , deliver me from my enemies ; to You I have hidden .
You clothed me with skin and flesh , and knitted me with bones and sinews .

who , having been reviled , did not revile in return ; suffering , He did not threaten , but gave Himself up to Him who was judging righteously ;
The wise ones of her princesses answered her ; yea , she returned her words to herself :
Terrors are turned on me ; they pursue my soul like the wind , and my goods pass away like a cloud .
And he took the commanders over the hundreds , and the Carites , and the runners , and all the people of the land . And they brought the king down from the house of Jehovah , and came by the way of the Runners' Gate to the king's house . And he sat on the throne of the kings .
And Midian was subdued before the sons of Israel , and they did not lift up their heads any more . And the land had rest forty years in the days of Gideon .
Even a fool who is silent is counted wise , he who shuts his lips is counted as understanding .
And I gave Gilead to Machir .
Are not mockeries with me ? And my eye rests on their insults .
two grinding at the mill ; one is taken away , and one is left .
But if your brother is grieved because of your food , you no longer walk according to love . Do not by your food destroy that one for whom Christ died .
And the Feast of Unleavened Bread , being called Passover , drew near .
The voice of your watchmen , they lift the voice together , they sing aloud . For they shall see eye to eye when Jehovah brings back Zion .
And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning , and bread and flesh in the evening ; and he drank of the torrent .
Therefore , say , So says the Lord Jehovah : Though I have sent them far off among the nations , and though I scattered them among the lands , yet I was to them as a little sanctuary in the countries there where they had gone .
Tomorrow , go down against them ; behold , they are coming up by the ascent of Ziz , and you shall find them in the end of the valley , at the front of the wilderness of Jeruel .
Of the seed of this one , according to promise , God raised up to Israel a Savior , Jesus ;
For he shall be like a juniper in the desert , and shall not see when good comes . But he shall live in parched places in the wilderness , in a salt land that is not inhabited .
The sons of Hashum , two hundred and twenty three .
All darkness is hidden for secret treasuring ; fire not blown shall consume him ; those left in his tent shall be broken .
And you shall break down their altars , and shatter their standing pillars . And you shall burn their pillars with fire . And you shall cut down the carved images of their gods , and shall destroy their names out of that place .
Let them be desolate until it is the reward for their shame ; for they are saying to me , Aha ! Aha !
But Paul called out with a loud voice , saying , Do no harm to yourself ! For we are all here .
And Naaman , and Ahiah , and Gera , he exiled them . And Ehud fathered Uzza and Ahihud .
And king Solomon was king over all Israel .

See what I have seen : It is good and beautiful to eat and to drink and to see good in all his labor that he labors under the sun , the number of the days of his life which God gives to him , for it is his portion .
Those who ate delicacies are desolate in the streets ; those reared on scarlet embrace dunghills .
yea , they shall turn back to You with all their heart , and with all their soul , in the land of their captivity , where they have been taken captive , and they shall pray toward their land that You have given to their fathers , and toward the city that You have chosen and toward the house that I have built for Your name ;
When my enemies turn back , they will fall and perish before You .
Behold , it is put in the fire for fuel . The fire devours both its ends , and its middle is charred . Will it prosper for work ?
And also ones serving as soldiers asked him , saying , And we , what shall we do ? And he said to them , Do not shake violently anyone nor accuse falsely , and be satisfied with your pay .
The one eating , do not despise the one not eating . And the one not eating , do not judge the one eating , for God received him .
When I shall make the land of Egypt a ruin , and the land shall be stripped of its fullness when I shall strike all those who dwell in it ; then they shall know that I am Jehovah .
and the earth being without form and empty , and darkness on the face of the deep , and the Spirit of God moving gently on the face of the waters ,
And David heard , and sent Joab and all the army of the mighty men .
Look at their sitting and their rising up . I am their song .
And Amnon was distressed , even to becoming sick , because of his sister Tamar . For she was a virgin , and it was hard in the eyes of Amnon to do anything to her .
For I say to you that many prophets and kings desired to see what you see , and did not see , and to hear what you hear , and did not hear .
And I went out after him and struck him , and delivered out of his mouth . And he rose against me , and I took hold of his beard and struck him , and killed him .
And as he sowed , it happened that one indeed fell by the wayside ; and the birds of the heaven came and devoured it .
But he who sins against me does violence to his own soul ; all who hate me love death .
I have kept Your commands and Your testimonies , for all my ways are before You .
and the flowers , and the lamps , and the tongs of gold ( it was perfect gold ) .
And blessed is His glorious name forever ; and the whole earth is filled with His glory ! Amen and amen !

Deep calls to deep through the voice of Your waterfalls ; all Your waves and Your billows have passed over me .
I shall strike it with pestilence and dispossess it . And I will make you a nation greater and mightier than it .
Now why do you cry aloud , an outcry ? Is there not a king among you ? Has your adviser perished ? For pangs have seized you like one giving birth .
and would tell you the secrets of wisdom , that counsel is double ? Know then that God forgets some of your iniquity for you .
And David again swore and said , Your father has certainly known that I have found favor in your eyes ; and he said , Do not let Jonathan know this , that he not be grieved . And yet , as Jehovah lives , and your soul lives , there is only a step between me and death .
and will cut him in two , and will appoint his portion with the hypocrites . There will be weeping and gnashing of the teeth .
because he has covered his face with fat ; yea , he has put fat on his loins .
And I adorned you with ornaments , and I put bracelets on your hands and a chain on your neck .
He takes away the heart of the heads of the people of the land ; and He causes them to wander in a waste in which is no path .
and five bars to the boards of the second side of the tabernacle ; and five bars to the boards of the side of the tabernacle for the rear , westward .
You shall not pervert the judgment of your needy one in his lawsuit .
And Ham's sons were Cush , and Mizraim , and Put , and Canaan .
And God created the man in His own image ; in the image of God He created him . He created them male and female .
So my thoughts cause me to answer , even because of my haste in me .
Tell me , those desiring to be under Law , do you not hear the Law ?
Every prudent one deals with knowledge , but a fool lays open his foolishness .
Be on guard in the plague of leprosy , that you watch closely and do according to all that the Levitical priests shall teach you . As I commanded them , so you shall be careful to do .
And the people came up out of the Jordan on the tenth of the first month , and camped in Gilgal , in the east border of Jericho .
Their numbered ones , by their families , were two thousand , seven hundred and fifty .
Jehovah brings the counsel of the nations to nothing ; He frustrates the plans of the peoples .
Go up on her vine rows and destroy , but do not make a full end . Take away her branches , for they are not Jehovah's .
And Naomi said to her daughter-in-law Ruth , Good , my daughter , that you go out with his young women , and that men may not attack you in another field .
Is this not the word which we spoke to you in Egypt , saying , Go away from us , and let us serve the Egyptians . For it is better for us to serve the Egyptians , than to die in the wilderness .
To the chief musician . On stringed instruments . Of David . Hear my cry , O God , and listen to my prayer .
And having been awakened , and seeing that the doors of the prison had been opened , having drawn a sword , the jailer was about to do away with himself , supposing the prisoners to have escaped .
the table and all its vessels , and the Bread of the Presence ;
And over the king's treasures was Azmaveth the son of Adiel . And Jehonathan the son of Uzziah was over the storehouses in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the strongholds .
I have seen a horrible thing in the house of Israel : the fornication of Ephraim is there ; Israel is defiled .
As the report comes to Egypt , so they shall be grieved at the report of Tyre .
because they have committed disgraceful folly in Israel , and have committed adultery with their neighbor's wives , and have spoken a lying word in My name , which I have not commanded them . For I am He who knows , and a witness , says Jehovah .
My son , hear you , and be wise , and advance your heart in the way .
And you shall not mention the burden of Jehovah again , for each man's word shall be his burden . For you have perverted the words of the living God , of Jehovah of Hosts , our God .
The words of a wise mouth are grace , but the lips of a stupid one swallow him ;
And he led me back to the door of the house . And , behold , water came out from under the threshold of the house eastward . For the face of the house is east , and the water came down from under the right side of the house , at the south from the altar .
And your name went out among the nations , because of your beauty , for it was perfect by My splendor which I had set on you , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And the anger of Jehovah glowed against Israel . And He sold them into the hands of the Philistines , and into the hand of the sons of Ammon .
And he captured the cities of defense in Judah and came to Jerusalem .
The lazy man will not plow , after autumn he begs at harvest , and nothing is there .



I sleep , but my heart is awake . It is the sound of my Beloved that knocks , saying , Open to Me , My sister , My love , My dove , My undefiled . For My head is filled with dew , My locks with the drops of the night .
And Hezekiah the king rose early and gathered the heads of the city , and went up to the house of Jehovah .
But those being with me indeed saw the light , and were alarmed , but did not hear His voice speaking to me .
Then some of the scribes and Pharisees answered , saying , Teacher , we desire to see a sign from you .
All that the Father gives to Me shall come to Me , and the one coming to Me I will in no way cast out .
And it happened , when Jesus finished all these sayings , He said to His disciples ,
And Pharaoh came near , and the sons of Israel raised their eyes , and , behold ! The Egyptians were marching after them ! And they were greatly afraid . And the sons of Israel cried to Jehovah .
And rose up early in the morning . And they moved from Shittim and came to the Jordan , he and all the sons of Israel . And they stayed there before they crossed over .
Ephraim has provoked Me to anger most bitterly . And He shall leave his blood to him , and his Lord shall turn his reproach to him .
And he rose up and went to Zarephath , and came in to the entrance of the city ; and , behold , a widow woman was gathering sticks . And he called to her and said , Please bring to me a little water in a vessel , and I shall drink .
who will give account to Him having readiness to judge the living and dead .
But I will most gladly spend and be spent for your souls , even if loving you more and more , I am loved the less .
I cried to You ; save me and I will keep Your testimonies .
And I gave a decree , and search has been made , and it is found that this city has lifted up itself against kings in the past , and rebellion and revolt have been made in it .
How can I by myself bear your pressure and your burden , and your strife ?
And He will love you , and bless you , and multiply you . He will also bless the fruit of your body , and the fruit of your land , your grain and your wine and your oil , the increase of your oxen and the wealth of your flock , in the land which He has sworn to your fathers , to give it to you .
Therefore , behold , I will lure her and bring her to the wilderness , and speak to her heart .
And he shall take two birds for the cleansing of the house , and cedar wood , and scarlet dye , and hyssop ;
Then I said , I have labored in vain ; I have spent My strength for nothing , and in vain ; yet surely My judgment is with Jehovah , and My work with My God .
Persia and Lud and Lydia were in your army , men of war to you ; they hung the shield and the helmet in you . They gave your splendor .
With drunkenness and sorrow you are filled , the cup of horror and ruin , the cup of your sister Samaria .

The grass withers , the flower fades because the Spirit of Jehovah blows on it . Surely the people is grass .
And they were greatly afraid , and said , Behold , the two kings have not stood before him , and how shall we stand ?
And the heart of the rash shall discern knowledge ; and the tongue of those that stutter shall hurry to speak clear things .
And he went in to Hagar and she conceived ; and she saw that she had conceived , and her mistress was despised in her eyes .
you also as living stones are being built a spiritual house , a holy priesthood , to offer spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ .
And Azariah the head priest and all the priests turned toward him , and behold , he was leprous in his forehead . And they hurried him from there , and he also himself hurried to leave , for Jehovah had touched him .
And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man , saying , We will eat our own bread and wear our own clothing , only let your name be called on us ; collect our shame .
Yes , rather , O man , who are you answering against God ? Shall the thing formed say to the One forming it , Why did You make me like this ?
And Shebaniah , and Jehoshaphat , and Nethaneel , and Amasai , and Zechariah , and Benaiah , and Eliezer the priests were blowing with the trumpets before the ark of God . And Obededom and Jehiah were gatekeepers for the ark .
And the number of those lapping with their hand to their mouth was three hundred men . And all the rest of the people bowed down on their knees to drink water .
But his citizens hated him and sent a delegation after him , saying , We do not desire this one to reign over us .


And you shall appoint Aaron and his sons , and they shall keep their priesthood . And the stranger who comes near shall be put to death .
But Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , left some of the poor of the land for vinedressers and for farmers .
And Saul heard that David had been discovered , and the men with him . And Saul was staying in Gibeah under the tamarisk tree in Ramah , with his spear in his hand . And all his servants were standing by him .
one young bullock , one ram , one he lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering ;
If his children forsake My law and do not walk in My judgments ;
Because you have burned incense , and because you have sinned against Jehovah , and have not obeyed the voice of Jehovah , in His law , or in His statutes ; and because you did not walk in His testimonies , therefore this evil has happened to you , as at this day .
Behold , when it was whole it was not made for work . How much less when the fire has devoured it , and it is charred ! Shall it yet be made to work ?
that He might sanctify it , cleansing it by the washing of the water in the Word ,
And Herod was in bitter hostility with the Tyrians and Sidonians . But with one passion they came to him . And persuading Blastus , the one over the king's bedroom , they begged peace , because their country was fed from the royal bounty .
Rejoice , unfruitful one who never bore ; break out a song and shout , you who never travailed . For the sons of the desolate one are more than the sons of the married woman , says Jehovah .
But you yourselves be careful , for they will deliver you up to sanhedrins and to synagogues . You will be beaten , and you will be led before governors and kings for My sake , for a testimony to them .
I saw the ram pushing westward and northward and southward , so that no beasts could stand before him , and none could deliver out of his hand . But he did according to his will and became great .
And his army , and those numbered of them were forty thousand and five hundred .
because all that which is in the world : the lust of the flesh , and the lust of the eyes , and the pride of life , is not of the Father , but is of the world .

And I also will deal with fury . My eye shall not spare , and I will not have pity . And though they cry in My ears with a loud voice , I will not hear them .

And Gideon had sent messengers to all the hills of Ephraim , saying , Come down to meet Midian , and capture the waters before them as far as Beth-barah and the Jordan . And every man of Ephraim was called up , and they captured the waters as far as Beth-barah and the Jordan .
Of Kish , Jerahmeel the son of Kish .
Distant ones , hear what I have done ; and you near ones , know My might .
Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite , Eliphal the son of Ur ,
Again , the kingdom of Heaven is compared to a drag net thrown into the sea , and gathering together of every kind ;
one God and Father of all , He above all and through all and in you all .
the first of your grain , of your new wine , and of your oil , and the first of the fleece of your flock , you shall give to him .
And David rose up and came to the place where Saul camped . And David saw the place where Saul lay down . And Abner the son of Ner , his army commander , and Saul were lying within the barricade . And the people were camping all around him .
a bekah for a head , half a shekel , by the shekel of the holy place , for everyone one passing over to those numbered , from a son of twenty years and upward , for six hundred and three thousand , five hundred and fifty persons .
And the men came in together with the women , everyone willing of heart . They brought in bracelets , and nose rings , and rings , and ornaments , every gold article , and every one who waved a wave offering of gold to Jehovah .
And Abraham started up early in the morning and took bread and a skin of water and gave them to Hagar , putting them on her shoulder , and the child , and sent her away . And she left and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba .
Beloved , do not believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are from God ; for many false prophets have gone forth into the world .

I will say to Jehovah : My Refuge and my Fortress , my God ; I will trust in Him .
Blessed is he who seizes your little ones and dashes them against the stone !
And these were more noble than those in Thessalonica , for they received the Word with all readiness , daily examining the Scriptures if these things are so .
their camels , four hundred and thirty five ; their asses , six thousand , seven hundred and twenty .
the work of each will be revealed ; for the Day will make it known , because it is revealed in fire ; and the fire will prove the work of each , what sort it is .
And you must gird up your loins , and rise up and speak to them all that I command you . Do not be terrified before their faces , that I not prostrate you before them .
Go up , go to Padanaram , to the house of Bethuel your mother's father . And take a wife for yourself from there , from the daughters of Laban the brother of your mother .
And they spoke to him , saying , If you are servant to this people today , and will serve them , and answer them and speak to them good words , then they will be servants to you forever .
And they told him , saying , Joseph is still alive , and he is ruler in all the land of Egypt . And his heart froze up , for he did not believe them .
Your sons shall be in the place of your fathers ; You will make them for rulers in all the earth .
and their border was from Mahanaim , all Bashan , all the kingdom of Og the king of Bashan , and all the small towns of Jair in Bashan , sixty cities ;
for man is not of the woman , but woman of man ;
Do you not yet perceive that everything entering into the mouth goes into the belly , and is thrown out into the waste bowl ?

Paul , a prisoner of Christ Jesus , and Timothy the brother , to the beloved and our fellow-worker ,
For the Amalekite and the Canaanite are there before you ; and you shall fall by the sword because you have turned back from following Jehovah ; and Jehovah is not with you .

And it was reported to the King of Jericho saying , Behold , men have come here tonight from the sons of Israel , to search the land .
And when you spread out your hands , I will hide My eyes from you . Yea , when you multiply prayer , I will not hear . Your hands are full of blood .
And seeing the star , they rejoiced exceedingly with a great joy .
And God opened her eyes , and she saw a well of water . And she went and filled the skin with water , and gave drink to the young boy .
for which I am an ambassador in a chain , that in it I may speak boldly as it is right for me to speak .
And say this , Long life and peace to you ! And peace to your house , and peace to all that you have .
I will call on You in the day of my trouble , for You will answer me .
By faith they passed through the Red Sea , as through dry land ; by which attempt the Egyptians taking , they were swallowed up .
Then that which is good , has it become death to me ? Let it not be ! But sin , that it might appear to be sin , having worked out death to me through the good , in order that sin might become excessively sinful through the commandment .
And the gate rooms eastward were three from here , and three from there , one measure to the three of them ; and one measure was to the pillars , from here and from there .
On account of this , his height was lifted up above all the trees of the field , and his boughs were multiplied , and his branches became long in his sending , because of the many waters .
Then Amaziah , the priest of Bethel , sent to Jeroboam , the king of Israel , saying , has plotted against you in the midst of the house of Israel . The land is not able to endure all his words .
For this is a grace , if because of conscience toward God anyone bears grief , suffering unjustly .
But he forsook the counsel of the elders which they advised him , and consulted with the young men who had grown up with him , who were standing before him .
And the One sitting was in appearance like a jasper stone , and a sardius ; and a rainbow was around the throne , in appearance like an emerald .
And king David determined to go out to Absalom , for he had been comforted for Amnon , for he was dead .
And on every high mountain , and on every high hill , shall be rivulets lifted up , streams of water , in a day of great slaying , when towers fall .
And I will also make the land drink your discharge of your blood , to the mountains , and the ravines shall be full of you .
And draw them one to one for yourself , into one stick . And they shall become for oneness in your hand .
If you sin , what do you do against Him ? Or if your transgressions are multiplied , what do you do to Him ?
and made Israel pass through the middle of it ; for His mercy endures forever ;

Their quiver is as an open grave ; they are all mighty men .
And as they were coming down from the mount , He commanded them that they should tell no one what they saw , except when the Son of man should rise from the dead .

But the chief priests and the scribes , seeing the wonders which He did , and the children crying out in the temple , and saying , Hosanna to the Son of David , they were incensed .
Our soul waits for Jehovah ; He is our help and shield .
The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit ; a broken and a contrite heart , O God , You will not despise .
And to the sons of Gershom for their families : Out of the tribe of Issachar , and out of the tribe of Asher , and out of the tribe of Naphtali , and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan , thirteen cities .
for no one does anything in secret and himself seeks to be in public . If you do these things , reveal yourself to the world .
And Jehovah has declared you today to be His people , a special treasure as He has spoken to you , and to keep all His commands .
And as Peter pondered concerning the vision , the Spirit said to him , Behold , three men are seeking you .
Why should the nations say , Where is their God ? Let Him be known among the nations before our eyes , the avenging of the blood of Your servants that has been poured out .
And Javan's sons were Elishah , and Tarshish , Kittim , and Dodanim .
And in the days of Joiakim were priests , the rulers of the fathers , from the house of Seraiah was Meraiah ; from Jeremiah was Hananiah ;
And they have tails like scorpions , and their stings were in their tails ; and their authority is to harm men five months .
But I worked for My name's sake , that it should not be profaned in the eyes of the nations among whom they were , for I made Myself known to them in their eyes , by bringing them out of the land of Egypt .
And I do this for the gospel , that I might become a fellow partaker of it .

And the king said to Barzillai , You pass over with me and I will sustain you with me in Jerusalem .

Should not a flood of words be answered ? And should a man of lips be justified ?
And I was not willing to listen to Balaam , and he greatly blessed you . And I delivered you out of his hand .
Not , however , that God's word has failed . For not all those of Israel are Israel ,
For Jerusalem has stumbled , and Judah has fallen ; because their tongue and their deeds toward Jehovah are to rebel against the eyes of His glory .
And the men went after them the way of the Jordan , by the fords . And they shut the gate afterwards , when the pursuers had gone after them .
saying , " This is the blood of the covenant which God enjoined to you . "
and My anger shall glow , and I will kill you with the sword ; and your wives shall become widows , and your sons orphans .
How much more those that dwell in houses of clay ; whose foundation is in the dust ; they crush them before the moth !
He pours scorn on nobles , and causes them to wander in a desert ; there is no path .
At this time you are broken from the seas . By the depths of the waters your goods and all your assembly have fallen in your midst .
For he is not a Jew that is one outwardly , nor is circumcision that outwardly in flesh ;
And now , my daughter , do not fear . All that you say I will do to you , for all the gate of my people know that you are an able woman .
And Moses heard the people weeping by its families , each at the door of his tent ; and the anger of Jehovah glowed exceedingly , and in the eyes of Moses it was evil .
For again he rebuilt the high places that his father Hezekiah had broken down , and raised up altars for the Baals , and made Asherahs and bowed himself to all the host of the heavens , and served them .
And Moses was feeding the flock of his father-in-law Jethro , the priest of Midian . And he led the flock behind the wilderness and came to the mountain of God , to Horeb .


because he did not kill me from the womb ; and that my mother would have been my grave , and her womb always great with me .
From that time Jesus began to preach and to say , Repent ! For the kingdom of Heaven has drawn near .
And the day came that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young man bearing his armor , Come , and we will go over to the fort of the Philistines on the other side . But he did not tell his father .
You do the works of your father . They said to Him , We were not born of fornication ; we have one father , God .
those who stand in the house of Jehovah in the courts of the house of our God ;
so that by them I may test Israel , whether they are keeping the way of Jehovah , to go in it , as their fathers kept it , or not .
And I said to you , Send My son away , and let him serve Me ; and you refused to send him . Behold , I am about to kill your son , your first-born !
But the wise answered , saying , No , lest there not be enough for us and you . But rather , go to those who sell and buy for yourselves .
And at the completion of the offering the king and all those found with him bowed and worshiped .
I said , I will go up in the palm tree ; I will take hold of its stalk . And please let your breasts be like clusters of the vine , and the scent of your nose like apples ,
And the goat on which the lot fell for a complete removal shall be made to stand living before Jehovah to atone by it , to send it away for a complete removal into the wilderness .
For You will not leave My soul in Sheol ; You will not give Your Holy One to see corruption .
Paul , a slave of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ according to the faith of the elect of God and full knowledge of the truth according to godliness ,

And the eyes of both of them were opened , and they knew that they were naked . And they sewed leaves of the fig tree , and made girdles for themselves .
Let not any filthy word go out of your mouth , but if any is good to building up in respect to the need , that it may give grace to the ones hearing .
Let another praise you , and not your own mouth ; let it be a stranger , and not your own lips .
And we have brought other silver in our hand to buy food . We do not know who put our silver in our sacks .
All the temple slaves and the sons of Solomon's servants were three hundred and ninety two .
And it occurred , on His going into a house of one of the Pharisee leaders on a sabbath to eat bread , even they were closely observing Him .
And she said to her young men , Pass on before me . Behold , I am coming after you . But she did not tell her husband Nabal .
each silver dish a hundred and thirty in weight , and each basin seventy ; all the silver of the vessels was two thousand and four hundred shekels by the sanctuary shekel ;
Jehovah , Your hand is high ; they do not see ; they see , and are ashamed of the zeal of the people . Yea , the fire of Your foes devours them .
I showed you all things , that working in this way we ought to help those being weak , and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus , that He said , It is more blessed to give than to receive .
In the day of your planting you fence it in ; in the morning you make your seed sprout ; the harvest is a heap in the day of sickness and incurable pain .
The daughters of Zelophehad speak rightly . You shall surely give them a possession , an inheritance among their father's brothers . And you shall cause their father's inheritance to pass to them .
to give sense to the simple , knowledge and discretion to the young man .
of the tribe of Naphtali , Nahbi the son of Vophsi ;
And he said , The Jews agreed to ask you that tomorrow you bring down Paul into the sanhedrin , as being about to inquire more accurately concerning him .
And they led Jesus away to the high priest . And all the chief priests and the elders and the scribes came together to him .
Jehovah also spoke to me again , saying ,
And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword . And none will bury them , either them , their wives , or their sons , or their daughters . For I will pour evil on them .
and every food offering of a priest is a whole burnt offering . It shall not be eaten .
All the ends of the earth shall remember and turn back to Jehovah ; and all the families of the nations shall worship before You .
They lifted the young men to the hand mill , and the youths stumbled at the wood .
If the iron is blunt , and he does not whet the mouths , then he must put more strength to it . But wisdom is an advantage giving success .
And the likeness of the living creatures : they appeared like coals of burning fire , like the appearance of torches ; it was continually circling among the living creatures . And the fire was bright , and out of the fire went forth lightning .
In the first year of Darius , the son of Ahasuerus , of the seed of the Medes , who was made king over the realm of the Chaldeans ,

And Jehovah spoke to Moses and to Aaron and He commanded them as to the sons of Israel , and as to Pharaoh king of Egypt , to bring out the sons of Israel from the land of Egypt .
Eagerly pursue peace and holiness with all , without which no one will see the Lord ,
And they becoming terrified , and bowing their faces to the earth , they said to them , Why do you seek the living with the dead ?
If I witness concerning Myself , My witness is not true ;
And he said to me , This room facing southward is for the priests , the keepers of the charge of the house .
Jarmuth and its open lands , En-gannim and its open lands ; four cities .
Then they will answer , Because they have forsaken the covenant of Jehovah their God , and worshiped other gods and served them .

He judged the cause of the poor and needy , then it was well . Was this not to know Me , says Jehovah ?

Now the coastlands shall tremble in the day of your fall . Yea , the coastlands by the sea shall be troubled at your going down .
And these five kings fled , and were hidden in a cave at Makkedah .
So says Jehovah against all My evil neighbors who touch the inheritance which I have caused My people Israel to inherit : Behold , I will tear them from their land , and I will tear the house of Judah from among them .

And Jehovah said to Moses , Go to the people and sanctify them today and tomorrow . And let them wash their clothes .
Daniel , Ginnethon , Baruch ,



that seeing they may see and not perceive ; and hearing they may hear , and not understand , lest they should convert , and the sins be forgiven to them .
A stone and a stone , an ephah and an ephah , both are hateful to Jehovah .

The best of them is like a thorn ; the upright more than a hedge of thorns . The day of your watchers , your visitation is coming ; now their shame shall be .
And Peter followed Him from a distance , to the inside of the court of the high priest . And he was sitting with the under-officers , also warming himself near the light .
All the vessels of gold and of silver ( five thousand and four hundred ) Sheshbazzar made to go up all when the exiled were caused to go up from Babylon to Jerusalem .
You fill its terraces with water . You deepen its furrows . You make it soft with showers . You bless the sprouting of it .
The king cried aloud to bring in the conjurers , the Chaldeans , and the star gazers . The king spoke and said to the wise men of Babylon , Any man who can read this writing and reveal its meaning shall be clothed with purple , and have a chain of gold around his neck . And he shall rule third in the kingdom .
For we hear some are walking in a disorderly way among you , not working at all , but being busybodies .
And they called to Lot and said to him , Where are the men who came to you tonight ? Bring them out to us , that we may know them .
O give thanks to the Lord of lords ; for His mercy endures forever ;
And the wall that was outside near the rooms the way of the outer court , on the face of the rooms , its length was fifty cubits .
But you are going to hear of wars and rumors of wars . See , do not be terrified . For all things must take place , but the end is not yet .

They who hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of my head ; they who would destroy me are mighty , my lying enemies ; then I restored what I did not take by violence .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses and to Aaron , saying ,

And many lamps were in the upper room where they were gathered .
And an angel of the Lord appeared to him , standing on the right of the altar of incense .
And Midian and Amalek , and all the sons of the east , were lying in the valley , as the locusts for multitude . And there was no number of their camels being as the sand on the lip of the sea for multitude .
And David again took wives in Jerusalem . And David again fathered sons and daughters .
And Moses said to Joshua , Choose men for us , and go fight against Amalek . Tomorrow I will stand on the top of the hill , and the staff of God in my hand .
six days you shall labor and do all your work ;
All this I have tested by wisdom : I said , I will be wise ; but it was far from me .
For there shall be no portion to the Levites among you , for the priesthood of Jehovah is their inheritance . And Gad , and Reuben , and the half tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance beyond the Jordan eastward , which Moses the servant of Jehovah gave to them .
And Gideon saw that He was the Angel of Jehovah . And Gideon said , Alas , Lord Jehovah ! Because I have seen the Angel of Jehovah face to face !
For when you were slaves of sin , you were free as to righteousness .
But Paul said to them , Having beaten us publicly , being Romans and uncondemned men , they threw us into prison . And now do they throw us out secretly ? No , indeed ! But coming themselves , let them bring us out .
Go to the house of the Rechabites and speak to them , and bring them to the house of Jehovah , into one of the rooms , and give them wine to drink .
But if the priest looks on it , and , behold , there is no white hair in the bright spot , and it is no lower than the other skin , but is somewhat faded , then the priest shall shut him up seven days .
Truth shall sprout out of the earth , and righteousness looks down from Heaven .
Wisdom rests in the heart of the intelligent , but among fools it is revealed .
so He sprinkles from many nations . At Him kings shall shut their mouths ; for they will see that which was not told to them ; yea , what they had not heard , they will understand .
And you shall till the land for him , you and your sons and your servants . And you shall bring in the fruits , so that your master's son may have bread to eat . But Mephibosheth your master's son shall eat bread continually at my table . And Ziba had fifteen sons , and twenty servants .
These are the generations of Noah . Noah , a righteous man , had been perfected among his family . Noah walked with God .
You know this , that all those in Asia turned away from me , of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes .
And he who is bringing his offering to Jehovah shall bring near a food offering of flour , a tenth part , mixed with a fourth of a hin of oil ;
truly our adversary is not cut down , and fire has eaten their wealth .
And his son Ishmael was a son of thirteen years when being circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
Brothers , if a man is taken in some fault , you , the spiritual ones , restore such a one in the spirit of meekness , considering yourself , that you not also be tempted .
For we do not again commend ourselves to you , but are giving you occasion of glorying on our behalf , that you may have it toward those boasting in appearance and not in heart .
And it happened in his serving as priest in the order of his course before God ,
And there was strife between the herdsmen of Abram's livestock and the herdsmen of Lot's livestock . And the Canaanite and the Perizzite lived then in the land .
And it happened , after the plague , Jehovah spoke to Moses , and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest , saying ,
and the half of Gilead , and Ashtaroth , and Edrei , cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan , belonged to the sons of Machir , the son of Manasseh , to the half of the sons of Machir for their families .
I will pass among all your flock today , taking from there every speckled and spotted sheep , and every black sheep among the lambs , also the spotted and speckled goats ; these shall be my wages .
And I will magnify Myself and sanctify Myself . And I will be known in the eyes of the many nations , and they shall know that I am Jehovah .
And the man brought the men to Joseph's house . And he gave water , and they washed their feet . And he gave fodder for their asses .
And let them be for luminaries in the expanse of the heavens , to give light on the earth . And it was so .
Then the Jews said amongst themselves , Where is this one about to go that we will not find him ? Is he about to go to the Dispersion of the Greeks , and to teach the Greeks ?
And from the sons of Bebai , Zechariah the son of Bebai , and twenty eight males with him .
Then it behooves the overseer to be blameless , husband of one wife , temperate , sensible , well-ordered , hospitable , apt at teaching ;
And their south border was from the end of the Salt Sea , from the bay that looked southward .
And the time of the dwelling of the sons of Israel , which they dwelt in Egypt , was four hundred and thirty years .
For has any said to God , I have taken away ; I will not pervert ?
And David sent to Joab , Send Uriah the Hittite to me . And Joab sent Uriah to David .
the mirrors and the fine linen ; and the turbans and the veils .
Though he falls , he is not cast down ; for Jehovah upholds his hand .

And it happened at that time that Judah went down , away from his brothers , and turned aside to a man of Adullam named Hirah .
And Elisha said , Hear the word of Jehovah : So says Jehovah , About this time tomorrow a measure of fine flour will be at a shekel , and two measures of barley at a shekel , in the gate of Samaria .
For Dimon's waters are full of blood ; for I will put more on Dimon , a lion on him who escapes from Moab , and for the remnant of the land .
And Jehoram passed over to Zair , and all the chariots with him . And it happened , he rose up by night and struck Edom , who had encircled him , and the commanders of the chariots . And the people fled to their tents .
And moving from there , he went into the house of one named Justus , one worshiping God , whose house was next door to the synagogue .
However , man is not apart from woman , nor woman apart from man , in the Lord .
The one who has an ear , hear what the Spirit says to the churches .
Has God forgotten to be gracious ; has He in anger shut up His tender mercies ? Selah .
In all this did not sin , nor charge wrong to God .
A decree was given from before me that in all the domain of my kingdom there shall be trembling and fear before the God of Daniel . For He is the living God and endures forever , and His kingdom is the one which shall not be destroyed . And His rule shall be to the end .
And the synagogue being broken up , many of the Jews and of the devout proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas , who speaking to them persuaded them to continue in the grace of God .
Remember Lot's wife .
all the kingdom of Og in Bashan , who reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei ; he remained of the remnant of the giants . And Moses struck them and expelled them .
And Jehovah his God gave him into the hand of the king of Syria , and they struck him , and captured from him a great captivity , and brought them to Damascus . And he also was given into the hand of the king of Israel , and he struck him with a great destruction .
And Zophar the Naamathite answered and said :
And all the crowd sought to touch Him , because power went out from Him and healed all .
And Jehovah said to Abraham , Why has Sarah laughed at this , saying , Indeed , truly shall I bear , even I who am old ?
Why did you sit between the sheepfolds to hear the bleatings of flocks ? At the divisions of Reuben searchings of heart were great !
But rather go to the lost sheep of the house of Israel .
And the tablets were the work of God , and the writing was the writing of God ; it was engraved on the tablets .
And the sons of Jether : Jephunneh and Pispah , and Ara .
And they shall not sacrifice their sacrifices any more to goats , after which they have gone whoring . This is a perpetual statute to them throughout their generations .
And they went up to Baal-perazim , and David struck them there . And David said , God has broken my enemies by my hand , like the breaking of the waters ; so they called the name of that place Baal-perazim .
And they made stones of onyx set in plaited work of gold , engraved with engravings of a signet , according to the names of the sons of Israel .
You shall not covet your neighbor's house ; you shall not covet your neighbor's wife , or his male slave , or his slave-girl , or his ox , or his ass , or anything which belongs to your neighbor .

Man ate the bread of the mighty ; He sent them food to the full .
Now may glory be to our God and Father forever and ever . Amen .
And the Philistines gathered to fight with Israel , with thirty thousand chariots and six thousand horsemen , and people as the sand which is on the lip of the sea for multitude . And they came up and pitched in Michmash , east of Beth-aven .
Jehovah shall reign forever ; O Zion , your God from generation and generation . Praise Jehovah .
But when the Jews from Thessalonica knew that the Word of God was also announced in Berea by Paul , they came there also , shaking up the crowd .
HALF MINAS : Your kingdom is divided and given to the Medes and Persians .
And Moses and Aaron did so , as Jehovah had commanded . And he lifted up the staff and struck the water which was in the river before Pharaoh's eyes , and before his servants' eyes . And all the water in the river turned to blood .
Let burning coals fall on them ; let them fall on coals of fire ; make them fall into deep pits so that they do not rise again .
Go ! Behold , I send you out as lambs in the midst of wolves .
I did not know , but my soul set me on the chariots of My princely people .
And Jeroboam did not regain power any more in Abijah's days . And Jehovah struck him , and he died .
And coming , one poor widow threw in two lepta ( which is a kodrantes ) .
And the sons of Hebron were Jeriah . Amariah the second , Jahaziel the third , Jekameam the fourth .
And Jesus said , I AM ! And you will see the Son of man sitting off the right hand of power , and coming with the clouds of the heaven .

And now , O our God , what shall we say after this ? For we have forsaken Your commandments

His glory is as the first-born of his ox , and the horns of the wild ox are his horns ; with them he shall butt the peoples together to the ends of the earth . And they are the myriads of Ephraim , and they are the thousands of Manasseh .
And Moza fathered Binea ; Rapha was his son ; Eleasah , his son ; Azel , his son .
And Judah captured Gaza and its border , and Askelon and its border , and Ekron and its border .
Hashabiah the son of Kemuel was over the Levites ; Zadok over the Aaronites .
If the work of anyone shall be consumed , he shall suffer loss ; but he will be saved , but so as through fire .
Your majesty is lowered into Sheol ; the noise of your harps . The maggot is spread under you ; yea , the worms cover you .
And you shall come up on My people Israel like a cloud , to cover the land . It shall be in the after days , and I will bring you against My land so that the nations may know Me , when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes , Gog .
And Pharaoh hurried to call Moses and Aaron . And he said , I have sinned against Jehovah your God and against you .
But when he sees his children in his midst , the work of My hands , they shall sanctify My name . They shall sanctify the Holy One of Jacob , and shall fear the God of Israel .
Do not speak against one another , brothers . He that speaks against a brother , and is judging a brother , he speaks against law , and judges law . But if you judge law , you are not a doer of law , but a judge .
The Spirit of the Lord Jehovah is on Me , because Jehovah has anointed Me to preach the gospel to the meek . He has sent Me to bind up the broken-hearted , to proclaim liberty to captives , and complete opening to the bound ones ;
And if he comes in the second watch , or he comes in the third watch , and finds it so , blessed are those slaves .
And they anointed him , Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet , as king in Gihon . And they have come up from there rejoicing . And the city was roaring . It is the noise that you heard .
And answering , Simon said to Him , Master , laboring all through the night we took nothing . But at Your word I will let down the net .
Can you put a reed rope into his nose , or pierce his jaw with a thorn ?
Jehovah has revealed His salvation ; He unveiled His righteousness to the eyes of the nations .
And they took up twelve hand baskets full of fragments , also from the fish .
And each went toward the front of their faces . To where the spirit was to go , there they went ; they did not turn in their going .

And all Israel was bringing up the ark of the covenant of Jehovah with shouting , and with the sound of a horn , and with trumpets , and cymbals , sounding aloud with lyres and harps .
According to all these words , and according to all this vision , so Nathan spoke to David .
And last of all the woman died .

Just as many were astonished over You , so much was the disfigurement from man , His appearance and His form from sons of mankind .

And He has given it to be polished , to be taken by the hand . The sword , it is sharpened , and it is polished , to give it into the hand of the slayer .


and to rule over the day and over the night ; and to divide between the light and the darkness . And God saw that it was good .

Yet the word of Jehovah was to them , precept on precept , precept on precept ; line on line , line on line ; here a little , there a little ; that they might go , and stumble , and be broken , and snared , and taken .

And seeing , His disciples James and John said , Lord , do You desire that we tell fire to come down from Heaven , and to destroy them , even as Elijah did ?
Zedekiah was a son of twenty one years when he began to reign , and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem .
And in the first year of Cyrus the king of Persia , in order to accomplish the word of Jehovah in the mouth of Jeremiah , Jehovah awakened the spirit of Cyrus the king of Persia , and he caused a voice to pass throughout all his kingdom , and also in writing , saying ,
And the Lord says , Because this people draws near with its mouth , and they honor Me with its lip ; but its heart is far from Me , and their fear of Me is taught by the command of men ;
The sum of Your word is true ; every one of Your righteous judgments endures forever .
We will not hide them from their sons ; to declare to the coming generation the praises of Jehovah ; yea , His strength and His wonderful works that He has done .


those plucking mallow by the bushes , and broom roots for their food ;
And he brought out the people in it ; and they sawed with saws , and with sharp tools of iron , and with the axes . And so David did to all the cities of the Ammonites . And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem .
Whether as a whip , or for His land , or for mercy , He finds it .
And king Asa proclaimed to all Judah ( no one was exempt ) and they carried away the stones of Ramah , and its timber with which Baasha had built . And king Asa built with it Geba of Benjamin , and Mizpah .
For we through the Spirit eagerly wait for the hope of righteousness out of faith .
Therefore , Hebron has belonged to Caleb the son of Jephunneh , the Kenizzite , for an inheritance to this day , because he fully followed after Jehovah the God of Israel .
You shall engrave the two stones , the work of an stone engraver , the engravings of a signet , according to the names of the sons of Israel ; you shall make them set in plaited work of gold .
the sons of Shephatiah , three hundred and seventy two .
Do not be wise in your own eyes ; fear Jehovah and depart from evil .
then the man lying with her shall give to the girl's father fifty pieces of silver , and she shall be his wife , because he has humbled her . He may not put her away all his days .
Now , then , fear Jehovah , and serve Him in sincerity and truth , and turn away from the gods which your fathers served Beyond the River , and in Egypt ; and you serve Jehovah .

And he said to them , Out of the eater came forth food , and out of the strong came forth sweetness . And they were not able to declare the riddle in three days .
And the city was wide on both hands , and great , but the people in it few , and the houses not being built .
And some indeed were persuaded by that being said , others disbelieved .
They shall pour him out by the sword ; they shall be a serving for jackals .
And I will bring them , and they shall live in the midst of Jerusalem . And they shall be for a people to Me , and I will be their God , in truth and in righteousness .
For , behold , I will bring forth My Servant , the BRANCH . For behold , the stone which I have given before Joshua , on the one stone are seven eyes . I will engrave its engraving , says Jehovah of hosts , and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day .
And Abner said to David , let me rise up and go , and gather to my lord the king all Israel . And they shall cut a covenant with you . And you shall reign over all that your soul desires . And David sent Abner away , and he went in peace .
And when he comes to see me he speaks vanity ; his heart gathers iniquity to itself ; he goes outside and speaks .
And Sarai said to Abram , See , now , Jehovah has kept me from bearing ; go in now to my slave-girl ; perhaps I may be built up from her . And Abram listened to the voice of Sarai .
For they did not understand the miracle of the loaves , for their hearts were hardened .
And I heard a man's voice between the banks of Ulai , and he called and said , Gabriel , make this one understand the vision .

And Isaac was a son of forty years when he took Rebekah , the daughter of Bethuel the Aramean from Padanaram , the sister of Laban the Aramean , to him for a wife .
I was a son of forty years when Moses the servant of Jehovah sent me from Kadesh-barnea to spy out the land . And I brought him back word as it was in my heart .

It is reckoned a land of giants , even it ; giants formerly lived in it , and the Ammonites call them Zamzummim ;
And he said , Go , beg vessels for yourself from outside , from your neighbors , empty vessels . Do not let them be few .
My little children , I write these things to you so that you do not sin . And if anyone sins , we have an Advocate with the Father , Jesus Christ the righteous .
Hear this , you who swallow up the poor , even to make the humble of the land to cease ,

Behold ! These are the ungodly who are always at ease ; they increase their riches .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of Egypt , saying ,


The wicked flee though no one is pursuing , but the righteous are as bold as a lion .
also Nogah , and Nepheg , and Japhia ;
If anyone desires to do His will , he will know concerning the doctrine , whether it is of God , or I speak from Myself .
If you know that He is righteous , know that everyone doing righteousness has been born of Him .
Speak to Aaron , saying , No man of your seed throughout their generations shall draw near to offer the bread of his God if there is a blemish in him .

then it shall be , if the wrongdoer is a son of stripes , the judge shall cause him to fall down . And one shall strike him before his face , enough for his wickedness , by number .
And he built the altar of Jehovah , and sacrificed on it sacrifices of peace offerings and thank offerings , and commanded Judah to serve Jehovah , the God of Israel .
And the one seeing Me sees the One who sent Me .
And she added to her fornications . And she saw men carved on the wall , images of the Chaldeans engraved with red color ,
The eleventh for the eleventh month was Benaiah the Pirathonite , of the sons of Ephraim ; and in his division were twenty four thousand .
And he said to them , You also go into the vineyard , and I will give you whatever is just . And they went .
And this is the number of the mighty men who were to David : Jashobeam the son of a Hachmonite , the head of the thirty ; he lifted up his spear against three hundred , killing them at one time .
And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt , and the frogs came up and covered the land of Egypt .
the sons of Hagab , the sons of Shalmai , the sons of Hanan ,
Do not rejoice when your enemy falls , and do not let your heart be glad when he stumbles ,
Be lifted up , O God , above the heavens ; and Your glory above all the earth ;
And the Philistines set themselves in order to meet Israel , and the battle was spread . And Israel was stricken before the Philistines . And they struck about four thousand men from the battle line in the field .
The one hating Me also hates My Father .
This is the day Jehovah has made ; we will rejoice and be glad in it .
about forty thousand armed men of the army crossed over before Jehovah for battle , to the plains of Jericho .
honor all , love the brotherhood , fear God , honor the king .
Behold his bed , Solomon's ! Sixty mighty men are around it , of the mighty men of Israel .
Woe to those who decree decrees of injustice , and writers who write toil ;
And Adoni-zedek king of Jerusalem sent to Hoham king of Hebron , and to Piram king of Jarmuth , and to Japhia king of Lachish , and to Debir king of Eglon , saying ,
But I am a worm , and no man ; a reproach of mankind , and despised by the people .
And it happened , when the ark of the covenant of Jehovah came into the camp , all Israel shouted a great shout , and the earth shook .
and if you let out your soul to the hungry , and satisfy the afflicted soul ; then your light shall rise in the darkness , and your gloom shall be as the noonday .
Because of this , God gave them up to dishonorable passions , for even their females changed the natural use to that contrary to nature .

And the sockets of the court all around , and the sockets of the opening of the court , and all the pins of the tabernacle , and all of the pins of the court all around were bronze .
And he sent messengers to all Manasseh , and it also was called after him . And he sent messengers to Asher and Zebulun , and to Naphtali . And they came up to meet them .
Then the father knew that it was at that hour in which Jesus said to him , Your son lives . And he himself , and his whole household , believed .
The men of Magbish , a hundred and fifty six .
And answering , some of the scribes said , Teacher , you speak well .
He shall eat curds and honey until He knows to refuse the evil and choose the good .
The one who does not love has not known God , because God is love .
And he said , The one doing the deed of mercy with him . Then Jesus said to him , Go , and you do likewise .
And when the days of her cleansing are fulfilled for son or for daughter , she shall bring in a lamb , a son of a year , for a burnt offering , and a young dove or a turtledove for a sin offering , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , to the priest .
Then the soldiers cut away the ropes of the boat , and let it fall .
And a second time the word of Jehovah was to Haggai , in the twenty-fourth of the month , saying ,
Behold , they are all My souls . As the soul of the father , also the soul of the son , they are Mine . The soul that sins , it shall die .
in a day when God judges the hidden things of men , according to my gospel , through Jesus Christ .

And the priest said , The sword of Goliath the Philistine , whom you struck in the valley of Elah ; behold , it is wrapped in the cloak behind the ephod . If you desire , take it for yourself ; for there is no other here except it . And David said , There is none like it . Give it to me .
And it happened many days after Jehovah had given rest to Israel from all their enemies all around , that was old , going on in days .

Then He will also say to those on His left , Go away from Me , cursed ones , into the everlasting fire having been prepared for the Devil and his angels .
But there is need of only one ; and Mary chose the good part , which shall not be taken from her .
And the altars that were on the top of the upper room of Ahaz , which the kings of Judah had made . and the altars which Manasseh had made in the two courts of the house of Jehovah . the king broke down , and ran from there and threw the dust of them into the torrent Kidron .
when all Israel comes in to see the face of Jehovah in the place which He chooses , you shall proclaim this law before all Israel , in their ears .
And you shall put it on four pillars of acacia wood overlaid with gold , their hooks gold , on four sockets of silver .
As far as the east is from the west , so far has He removed our transgressions from us .
And I will bring distress to men , and they shall walk like the blind , because they have sinned against Jehovah . And their blood shall be poured out as dust , and their flesh like dung .
And the waters returned and covered the chariots and the horsemen , together with all the army of Pharaoh , those going after them into the sea . And not even one was left among them .
All the families of the Shuhamites according to those numbered of them , sixty four thousand , four hundred .
However , no one publicly spoke about Him , because of the fear of the Jews .
And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh to the king of Edom : So says your brother Israel , You surely have known all the travail which has found us ;
And you shall become a kingdom of priests for Me , a holy nation . These are the words which you shall speak to the sons of Israel .
that I may come to you in joy through the will of God , and that I may be refreshed with you .
And He shall turn their own iniquity upon them ; and He shall cut them off in their evil , Jehovah our God shall cut them off !
Oh house of Jacob , come and let us walk in the light of Jehovah .
I , have I conceived all this people ? I , have I begotten it , that You say to me , Carry it in your bosom as the foster father bears the suckling , to the land which You have sworn to its fathers ?
And His eyes were as a flame of fire , and on His head many diadems , having a name that had been written , which no one knows except Himself ;
Praise Jehovah ! Praise God in His holy place ; praise Him in the expanse of His might .
All who came before Me are thieves and robbers , but the sheep did not hear them .

And when they saw the man , all the men of Israel ran from him , and were very much afraid .
I will say to the north , Give up ! And to the south , Do not hold back ! Bring My sons from afar , and bring My daughters from the ends of the earth ;
On behalf of such a one I will boast . But I will not boast on my behalf , except in my weaknesses .
Faithful is the Word and worthy of all acceptance , that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners , of whom I am chief .
And the men of Ziph came to Saul , to Gibeah , saying , Is not David hiding himself in the hill of Hachilah , on the edge of the desert ?
And he washed the inward parts and the legs , and burned them as incense for the burnt offering on the altar .
But Jehovah the God of Israel chose me out of all my father's house to be king over Israel forever . For He chose Judah as the ruler , and my father's house in the house of Judah ; and among the sons of my father He was pleased to make me king over all Israel .
And they made war with the Hagarites , and Jetur , and Nephish , and Nodab .
And he said , Please speak to king Solomon , for he will not turn away your face , that he give to me Abishag the Shunammite for a wife .
take the choice of the flock and also pile the bones under it . Boiling make it boil . Also let them seethe its bones in it .
And he said , You are not able to see My face ; for no man can see Me and live .
And everything , whatever you do in word or in work , do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus , giving thanks to God and the Father through Him .
And Moses said to Jehovah , Why have You done evil to Your servant ; and why have I not found grace in Your eyes to put the burden of all this people on me ?
Assyria shall not save us ; we will not ride on horses . We shall not say any more to the work of our hands , Our gods ! For in You the fatherless finds mercy .
And Joab blew the ram's horn , and the people returned from pursuing Israel , for Joab had held the people back .
I have overthrown among you , as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah , and you were like a firebrand plucked out of the burning ; yet you have not returned to Me , declares Jehovah .
We have heard songs from the end of the earth , Honor to the Righteous . But I said , Leanness to me ! Leanness to me ! Woe to me ! Traitors betray , even perfidy ; traitors betray !
Search and read from the Book of Jehovah ; not one of these misses , each not lacking her mate ; for He has commanded my mouth , and by His Spirit He has assembled them .

You shall not commit murder .
These six things Jehovah hates ; yea , seven are hateful to his soul ;
And it was the Preparation of the Passover , and about the sixth hour . And he said to the Jews , Behold , your king !
And a messenger came to Saul , saying , Hurry , and come , for the Philistines have made a raid on the land .

And David said to Saul , Who am I , and what my life , and the family of my father in Israel , that I should be son-in-law to the king ?
saying , I will announce Your name to My brothers ; I will hymn to You in the midst of the assembly . "
And may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing , for you to abound in hope , in power of the Holy Spirit .
And Judah said , Let her take them for herself , that we not become a laughing stock . See , I sent this kid , and you did not find her .
Only , take heed to yourself and keep your soul carefully , that you do not forget the things which your eyes have seen ; and that they not depart from your heart all the days of your life . And you shall make them known to your sons , and to your sons' :
But when they persecute you in this city , flee to another . For truly I say to you , In no way will you have finished the cities of Israel until the Son of man comes .
And Peter began to say to Him , Behold , we left all and followed You .
Geber the son of Uri was in the land of Gilead , the land of Sihon king of the Amorites , and Og king of Bashan ; and there was one officer who was in the land ;
Do all have gifts of healing ? Do all speak languages ? Do all interpret ?
And we have not listened to Your servants the prophets , who spoke in Your name to our kings , our rulers , and our fathers , and to all the people of the land .
And the girl's father shall say to the elders , I have given my daughter to this man for a wife , and he hates her .
Jehovah is righteous in all His ways , and kind in all His works .
And Jehovah sent Nathan to David . And he came to him and said to him , There were two men in one city , the one rich , and the other poor .
Who is as the wise ? And who knows the meaning of a thing ? A man's wisdom makes his face shine , and the strength of his face is changed .
These are the things that you shall do . Let each man speak the truth with his neighbor . Judge with truth and justice for peace in your gates ,
Let your women be silent in the churches , for it is not allowed to them to speak , but to be in subjection , as also the Law says .
They that were full have hired themselves out for bread ; and the hungry have ceased , while the barren has borne seven ; yea , she who had many sons has languished .

Then He placed His hands on his eyes again , and made him look up . And he was restored and saw all clearly .
Pursue love , and seek eagerly the spiritual things , but rather that you may prophesy .
He who struck the first-born of Egypt , from man to animal ;
And he gathered men to himself , and was head of a troop when David killed them . And they went to Damascus and lived in it , and reigned in Damascus .
And they shall divide it into seven parts . Judah shall stay within their border on the south , and the house of Joseph shall stay within their border on the north .

Surely you will wear out , both you and this people with you . For the thing is heavy for you . You are not able to do it by yourself .
The waters of the sea were gathered like a heap , setting the depths in storehouses .

And I will camp as a circle on you , and will lay siege work on you ; and I will raise up ramparts on you .

And the men who were holding Jesus mocked Him , beating Him .
And Jesus being in Bethany , in Simon the leper's house ,
For the priests and the Levites were purified together ; all of them were pure . And they slaughtered the passover lamb for all the sons of the exile , and for their brothers the priests , and for themselves .

And they will come from east and west , and from north and south , and will recline in the kingdom of God .
And this for Judah : And he said , Hear the voice of Judah , O Jehovah , and bring him in to his people ; his hands were much for him , and You shall be a help against his foes .
And the man of God said to the king , If you would give me the half of your house , I would not go in with you , nor will I eat bread , nor will I drink water in this place .
But He said this concerning the Spirit , whom the ones believing into Him were about to receive ; for the Holy Spirit was not yet given , because Jesus was not yet glorified .
Vengeance and retribution belong to Me ; in due time their foot will slip ; for the day of their calamity is near , and the things prepared are hurrying for them .
And afterwards it happened that Ben-hadad the king of Syria gathered all his army and went up and laid siege to Samaria .
The lambs will be for your clothing , and the he goats the price for a field ,
Roam around in Jerusalem's streets and see now , and know , and seek in her plazas if you can find a man , if there is one who does justice , who seeks truth ; and I will pardon her .
And this is the copy of the letter which the king , Artaxerxes , gave to the priest , the scribe , a scribe of the words of the commands of Jehovah , and of His statutes to Israel :
For you shall make war for yourself by wise advice , and safety is in the great Counselor .
And Jehovah gave signs and great and grievous wonders on Egypt , on Pharaoh , and on all his household , before our eyes .
And he made the poles of acacia wood ; and he overlaid them with gold , to lift up the table .
And I will bring a bite of bread and will sustain Your heart . Then You may pass on , for this is why You have passed over to Your servant . And they said , Do so , as you have said .
And they pulled up from Moseroth and camped in Bene-jaakan .

And the Pharisees and the scribes murmured , saying , This one receives sinners and eats with them .
then He said , " Lo , I come to do Your will , O God . " He takes away the first in order that He may set up the second ;

From the sons of Hashum : Mattenai , Mattathah , Zabad , Eliphelet , Jeremai , Manasseh , and Shimei .
And you shall take of the bullock's blood and shall put it on the horns of the altar with your finger . And you shall pour out all the blood at the base of the altar .
And Saul arriving in Jerusalem , he tried to be joined to the disciples . And all feared him , not believing that he is a disciple .
And it shall be , everyone who is left from all the nations which came up against Jerusalem shall go up from year to year to worship the King , Jehovah of hosts , and to keep the Feast of Tabernacles .
but as I live , all the earth shall be filled with the glory of Jehovah ;
So , then , you should pray this way : Our Father who is in Heaven , let be sanctified Your name .
This testimony is true ; for which cause convict them severely , that they may be sound in the faith ,
Every one has turned away ; together they are filthy ; not one is doing good ; not even one !
May Jehovah grant to you that you find rest , each in the house of her husband . And she kissed them , and they lifted up their voice and wept .
And the chief of the cupbearers said to them , Has my master sent me to speak these words to your master , and to you , and not to the men that sit on the wall , to eat their own dung , and to drink the water of their own feet with you ?
Then I returned and saw vanity under the sun .
Pass ! Pass through the gates ; prepare the way of the people ! Raise up ! Raise up the highway ; clear it from stones ; lift up a banner over the peoples .
Because it is God who said , " Out of darkness Light shall shine , " who shone in our hearts to give the brightness of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ .
The ruler that lacks understanding even adds oppressions , but he who hates unjust gain prolongs his days .
Now a word was stolen to me , and my ear received a whisper of it .
And I will return the captivity of Egypt and will make them return to the land of Pathros , to the land of their origin . And they shall be a lowly kingdom there .
And answering , Jesus said , O faithless and perverted generation ! How long will I be with you ? How long shall I bear with you ? Bring him here to Me .
and one killed it , and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar all around ;
The world cannot hate you ; but it hates Me because I witness about it , that its works are evil .


saying , The Son of man must suffer many things and be rejected by the elders and chief priests and scribes , and be killed , and be raised the third day .


his offering was one silver dish , its weight a hundred and thirty , one silver basin of seventy shekels according to the sanctuary shekel , both of them full of flour mixed with oil for a food offering ;
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Praise Him , sun and moon ; praise Him , all you stars of light .


And I will cut off the judge in its midst , and I will kill all his rulers with him , says Jehovah .
And when the seven to the four thousand , how many lunch baskets did you take up with the fillings of fragments ? And they said , Seven .
For they are wholly given to Me from among the sons of Israel ; instead of the one who opens any womb , the first-born of all , from the sons of Israel . I have taken them to Myself .

And Elijah said to him , Please stay here , for Jehovah has sent me to the Jordan . And he said , As Jehovah lives , and your soul lives , I will not leave you . And they went on , both of them .
Keep me as the pupil , the daughter of the eye ; hide me in the shadow of Your wings ,
I have made him beautiful by his many branches , and all the trees of Eden that were in the garden of God envied him .
and the priest has looked on him ; and , behold , the scab has spread in the skin , the priest shall not seek for the shining , yellow hair ; he is unclean .
who also said , Men , Galileans , why do you stand looking up to the heaven ? This Jesus , the One being taken from you into the heaven , will come in the way you saw Him going into the heaven .
and Dannah , and Kirjath-sannah , which is Debir ,
And , behold , Boaz came from Bethlehem , and said to the reapers , Jehovah be with you . And they answered him , Jehovah bless you .
and say , So says the Lord Jehovah : Woe to those sewing bands to all joints of my hands , and make long veils for the head of every man of stature , to hunt souls ! Will you hunt the souls of My people , and will you save alive the souls for yourselves ?
Son of man , prophesy against the prophets of Israel who prophesy . And say to those who prophesy out of their own heart , Hear the word of Jehovah :

And if you make an altar of stone for Me , you shall not build them of cut stones . When you swing your tool on it , you defile it .
Nor the seven loaves of the four thousand , and how many lunch baskets you took up ?

And what more may I say ? For the times will fail me telling about Gideon , Barak , and also Samson and Jephthah , and also David and Samuel , and the prophets ,
Every valley shall be exalted , and every mountain and hill shall be made low ; and the knoll shall be a level place , and the rough places a plain .
But hearing , and being convicted by the conscience , they went out one by one , beginning from the older ones , until the last . And Jesus was left alone , and the woman standing in the middle .
O bless God in the congregations , the Lord , from the fountain of Israel .
If thieves came to you , if destroyers by night , how you have been cut off ! Would they not have stolen until they had enough ? If the grape-gatherers came to you , would they not leave gleanings ?
And he spoke to me , saying , Do you not know what these are ? And I said , No , my lord .
I said to the boastful , Do not boast ; and to the wicked , Do not lift up the horn .

For through the grace which is given to me , I say to everyone being among you , not to have high thoughts beyond what is right to think . But set your mind to be right-minded , even as God divided a measure of faith to each .

And Methuselah lived one hundred and eighty seven years and fathered Lamech .
Behold , I am arousing them from the place where you have sold them , and will return your reward on your own head .
For whoever desires to save his life , he will lose it . But whoever loses his life for My sake , this one will save it .
For a remnant shall go out of Jerusalem , and the escaped ones out of Mount Zion ; the zeal of Jehovah of Hosts shall do this .
Speak to the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , When you come in to the land which I am giving to you , and have reaped its harvest , and have brought in the sheaf , or the beginning of your harvest , to the priest ,
But if one suffers as a Christian , do not let him be ashamed , but to glorify God in this respect .
Jehovah is righteous ; He severs the cords of the wicked .
The works of His hands are truth and all His commandments are true ,
Both palms are on evil , to do it well . The ruler is asking for a bribe , also the judge . And the great one speaks the lust of his soul ; he acts , and they weave it together .
And if he has no brothers , then you shall give his possession to his father's brothers .
What then is Paul ? And what Apollos , but ministers through whom you believed , and to each as the Lord gave ?
In that day I will make the leaders of Judah like a hearth of fire among the wood , and like a torch of fire among cut grain . And they shall devour all the peoples all around , on the right hand and on the left hand . And Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her place , in Jerusalem .
by the reading of which you are able to realize my understanding in the mystery of Christ ,
But on the first of the sabbaths , while still very early , they came on the tomb , carrying spices which they prepared ; and some were with them .
And they will cover the eye of the land , and no one will be able to see the land . And they will eat the rest of that which escaped , that which is left to you from the hail . And they will eat every tree that sprouts to you from the field .

so that the fellowship of your faith may operate in a full knowledge of every good thing in you for Jesus Christ .
even their numbered ones by their families were three thousand and two hundred .
For , behold , Jehovah will come with fire , and His chariots like the tempest , to return His wrath in fury , and His rebuke in flames of fire .

God has spoken once ; twice I have heard this , that power belongs to God ;
The framework tumbles through indolence ; and through lowering of hands , the house leaks .
And Nathan said to David , Do all that is in your heart , for God is with you .
And again , a different Scripture says , " They shall look at Him whom they have pierced . "
And they hired counselors against them to break their purpose all the days of Cyrus king of Persia , even until the reign of Darius king of Persia .
The nobleman said to Him , Sir , come down before my child dies .
because the thing known of God is clearly known within them , for God revealed it to them .
of Jezer , the family of the Jezerites ; of Shillem , the family of the Shillemites .
Learn to do good , seek justice , reprove the oppressor , judge the orphan , strive for the widow .
And after the earthquake was a fire , but Jehovah was not in the fire ; and after the fire came a still , small voice .
And the sons of Gad and the sons of Reuben spoke to Moses , saying , Your servants will do as my lord commands .
And it was so : all who saw it said , There has never been , and never was seen , a thing like this from the day the sons of Israel came up out of the land of Egypt until this day . Set yourselves on it , take counsel . Then speak .
they are driven from the midst ; they shouted against them as a thief ;
Deliver me from the guilt of shedding blood , O God , O God of my salvation ; my tongue shall sing aloud of Your righteousness .
Say to the king and to the queen mother , Humble yourselves , sit down . For the crown of your glory will come down from your head places .
And in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest to the land , a sabbath to Jehovah . You shall not sow your field , and you shall not prune your vineyard .
A Psalm of Praise , of David . I will exalt you , my God , O King ; and bless Your name forever and ever .
O Jehovah God of hosts , who is a strong Jehovah like You ? And Your faithfulness is all around You .

You have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled her streets with the slain .
A king's fury is as messengers of death , but a wise man will cover it .

Then Jesus again said to them , Truly , truly , I say to you that I am the door of the sheep .
And we made fall the lots among the priests , and the Levites , and the people , for the wood offering , to bring it into the house of our God , according to the houses of our fathers , at times appointed year by year , to burn on the altar of Jehovah our God , as it is written in the Law ;
For no one is able to lay any other foundation beside the One having been laid , who is Jesus Christ .
And after this I will bring again the prisoners of the sons of Ammon , declares Jehovah .
And you , his son , O Belshazzar , have not bowed your heart , though you knew all this .
And two parts of you , all who go out on the sabbath , they shall keep the watch of the house of Jehovah about the king .
And God said , I will judge the nation to which you will be in bondage . " And , After these things they will come out and will serve Me in this place .
unless You have utterly rejected us ; You are exceedingly angry against us .
You make us turn back from the oppressor ; yea , our haters plunder for themselves .
As to an ox or a sheep deformed , or dwarfed , you shall make it a freewill offering ; but it is not acceptable for a vow .
And none of the sons of Israel did Solomon make slaves for his work , but they were men of war , and commanders of his officers , and commanders of his chariots , and his horsemen .
And David went and took the bones of Saul , and the bones of his son Jonathan from the rulers of Jabesh-gilead , who had stolen them from the plaza of Beth-shan , there where the Philistines hanged them in the day the Philistines struck Saul in Gilboa .
You bare Your bow , naked according to the oaths of the rods of Your word . Selah . You have cut through the earth with rivers .
And in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors have come to the full , a king , strong of face and skilled at intrigues , shall stand up .

And while was praying and making his confession , weeping and casting himself down before the house of God , a very great congregation of men and women and children gathered to him out of Israel . For the people wept with a great weeping .

And you shall make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain , the last at the juncture ; and fifty loops on the edge of the second curtain that joins .
Each in whatever state called , brothers , in this remain with God .
how he met you on the way and attacked your back , all the feeble ones in the rear , when you were faint and weary ; and he did not fear God .
But there is a God in Heaven who reveals secrets , and makes known to king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days . Your dream , and the visions of your head on your bed , are these :
And Jehoiachin the king of Judah went out to the king of Babylon , he and his mother , and his servants , and his leaders , and his eunuchs . And the king of Babylon took him in the eighth year of his reign .
O Jehovah , because of Your name , enliven me ; in Your righteousness , bring my soul out of distress .
And hearing , some of those standing there said , This one calls Elijah .
And Jehovah shall make you the head , and not the tail . And you shall be only above , and you shall not be beneath , if you heed the commandments of Jehovah your God , which I am commanding you today , to be careful to do them .
And they performed the Feast of Unleavened Bread seven days with joy . For Jehovah had made them joyful , and had turned the heart of the king of Assyria to them , to make their hands strong in the work of the house of God , the God of Israel .
and animals to stand by , so that setting Paul on , they may bring him to Felix the governor .
We have acted utterly corrupt against You , and have not kept the commandments and the statutes and the judgments which You commanded Your servant Moses .
And Joseph brought them out from his knees ; and he bowed his face to the earth .
Then let it be known to you that the salvation of God was sent to the nations , and they will hear .
A king establishes a land by justice , but he taking bribes tears it down .
What then ? Do we excel ? Not at all ! For we have charged both Jews and Greeks before , all with being under sin ;
Son of man , cause Jerusalem to know her abominations ,
These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created in the day that Jehovah God was making earth and heavens .

I have not sat with lying men ; and I will not go in with hypocrites ;
Do not forsake your friend , nor your father's friend , and do not go into your brother's house in the day of your calamity , for a near neighbor is better than a brother far away .

Let as many as are slaves under a yoke count their own masters worthy of all honor , that the name and teaching of God may not be blasphemed .
There by the rivers of Babylon we sat down ; also we wept when we remembered Zion .
I opened my mouth and panted ; for I longed for Your commands .
You shall destroy those speaking lies ; Jehovah will despise the man of blood and deceit .
Gird up and lament , priests . Howl , ministers of the altar . Come , spend the night in sackcloth , ministers of my God . For the food offering and the drink offering are held back from the house of your God .
And also Ira the Jairite was a priest to David .
Woe to the multitude of many peoples ; they roar like the roar of seas ; and the crash of nations , they crash like the crash of mighty waters !

And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years . And he died .
and said to them , Set your heart on all the words which I have testified against you today , that you command your sons to take heed to do all the words of this law .

And you shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers . And you shall be a people to Me , and I will be God to you .
And it happened in the twenty seventh year , in the first month , in the first of the month , the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Then the king's scribes were called on the thirteenth day of the first month , and it was written according to all that Haman had commanded to the king's satraps , and to the governors who were over every province , and to the rulers of every people of every province . according to its writing , and to every people according to their language . It was written in the name of king Ahasuerus , and sealed with the king's ring .
And Jonathan called after the boy , Hurry , make haste , do not stand ! And Jonathan's boy gathered the arrow and came to his master .
Coral and rock crystal cannot be mentioned ; yea , the getting of wisdom is above jewels .
But Jehovah your God would not listen to Balaam , and Jehovah your God turned the curse into a blessing to you , because Jehovah your God loved you .
in stripes , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ,
And I again lifted up my eyes and looked , and , behold , a flying scroll !
And Jehovah spoke to you out of the midst of the fire ; you heard the sound of words , but you did not see a form , only a voice .
But beware of the false prophets who come to you in sheep's clothing , but inside they are plundering wolves .
every one opening a womb of all flesh which they offer to Jehovah , among man and among animal , shall be yours . Only , you shall certainly redeem the first-born of man , and you shall redeem the firstling of the unclean beasts .
And it happened in those days when there was no king in Israel , there was a man , a Levite , living on the further side of the hills of Ephraim . And he took a wife to himself , a concubine out of Bethlehem-judah .
And it happened that whenever the strong flocks conceived , Jacob placed the rods before the eyes of the flocks , before the troughs , that they might conceive by the rods .


And also I will make a nation of the son of the slave-girl , for he is your seed .
But the grace of our Lord abounded exceedingly with faith and love in Christ Jesus .
Because of this , remember that you , the nations , were then in the flesh ( those having been called Uncircumcision by those having been called Circumcision in the flesh made by hand )
In your defilement is wickedness . Because I have cleansed you , yet you are not clean , you shall not be cleansed from your defilement any more until I have caused My fury to cease on you .
And the word of Jehovah came to Solomon , saying ,

And Jehovah said to Joshua , Today I have rolled the reproach of Egypt off of you . And he called the name of that place Gilgal to this day .
In order to cause fury to come up to take vengeance , I have put her blood on a shining rock , that it should not be covered .


And the men of the city rose early in the morning . And , behold , the altar of Baal had been smashed , and the pillar beside it had been cut down . And the second bullock had been offered on the altar which was built .
( for I have five brothers , so that he may witness to them , that they not also come to this place of torment ) .
You are my God , and I will exalt You ; My God , I will thank You !
from days to days , the daughters of Israel go to tell again of the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite , four days in a year .
of the tribe of Ephraim , Joshua the son of Nun ;
Let your eyes look straight ahead , and let your eyelids look straight before you .

We heard Him saying , I will throw down this temple made with hands , and through three days I will build another not made with hands .
Shimea , his son ; Haggiah , his son ; Asaiah , his son .
For in My holy mountain in the mountain height of Israel , declares the Lord Jehovah , all the house of Israel shall serve Me there , all of them in the land . There I will accept them , and there I will seek your have offerings and the firstfruits of your offerings , with all your holy things .
The one who has an ear , hear what the Spirit says to the churches .
Can you beat out the expanse with Him , hard like a cast mirror ?
whose hope is cut off , and his trust as a spider's house .
And the chief of the cupbearers said to them , Now say to Hezekiah , So says the great king , the king of Assyria , What is this hope in which you have trusted ?
And disagreeing with one another , they were let go , Paul saying one word : Well did the Holy Spirit speak through the prophet Isaiah to our fathers ,
one numbered them by the mouth of Jehovah , by the hand of Moses , each man according to his service , and according to his burden , even they were numbered by him , as Jehovah commanded Moses .

My son , do not let them depart from your eyes ; keep sound wisdom and judgment ,
On the seventh day Elishama the son of Ammihud , ruler of the sons of Ephraim offered ;
But if God , desiring to show forth wrath , and to make His power known , endured in much long-suffering vessels of wrath having been fitted out for destruction ,
then it shall be that anything which comes out from the doors of my house to meet me when I return in peace from the sons of Amnion , it shall belong to Jehovah ; and I will offer it instead of a burnt offering .
behold the hand of Jehovah is going to be on your livestock in the field , on the horses , on the asses , on the camels , on the herds , and on the flocks , a very heavy pestilence .
and I am no longer worthy to be called your son . Make me as one of your hired servants .
And Isaac sent away Jacob . And he went to Padanaram , to Laban , the son , of Bethuel the Aramean , brother of Rebekah , the mother of Jacob and Esau .
And Saul said , Cast between me and my son Jonathan . And Jonathan was taken .
For the lightness of our present affliction works out for us an eternal weight of glory , surpassing moment by surpassing moment ;
My soul hates your new moons and your appointed feasts . They are a burden to Me . I am weary of bearing them .
And again a crowd came together , so as they were not able even to eat bread .
" Or who first gave to Him , and it will be repaid to him ? "
So Jehovah says this : Behold , I am plotting an evil against this family , from which you shall not remove your necks ; nor shall you go exalted , for it is an evil time .
Mountains , and you enduring foundations of the earth , hear the contention of Jehovah , for Jehovah has a quarrel with His people , and He will dispute with Israel .
And be kind to one another , tenderhearted , having forgiven one another , even as also God forgave you in Christ .
And the woman took and spread the covering over the well , and spread ground grain on it . And the thing was not known .
But Solomon did not choose a slave out of the sons of Israel , for they were the men of war , and his servants , and his rulers , and his commanders , and the commanders of his chariots , and his horsemen .
And now so says Jehovah , the God of Hosts , the God of Israel : Why do you commit great evil against your souls , to cut off from you man and woman , child and suckling , out of Judah , not leaving to yourselves a remnant ,

But if we are afflicted , it is for your comfort and salvation , being worked out in the endurance of the same sufferings which we also suffer . If we are comforted , it is for your comfort and salvation ;
And indeed He will set the sheep off His right , but the goats off the left hand .
He shall arrange the lamps on the pure lampstand before Jehovah continually .
So also the tongue is a little member , and boasts great things . Behold , how little a fire kindles how large a forest !
And because of this we give thanks to God without ceasing , that having received the Word of hearing from us , you welcomed it as of God , not as a word of men , but as it is , truly the Word of God , which also works in you , the ones believing .
Only Luke is with me . Taking Mark , bring him with you , for he is useful to me for ministry .
Yea , I have set My king on My holy mount on Zion .
And when a man lures a virgin who is not betrothed , and lies with her , he shall surely pay her dowry for a wife to himself .
For I know my transgressions ; and my sin is ever before me .
And you , My sheep , the sheep of My pasture , you are men . I am your God , declares the Lord Jehovah .
who going into Heaven is at the right of God , the angels , and authorities , and powers being subjected to Him ) .
I thank my God always making mention of you in my prayers ,
And the names of the twelve apostles are these : First , Simon who is called Peter and his brother Andrew , James the son of Zebedee and his brother John ,
For I see you being in the gall of bitterness and a bundle of unrighteousness .
You are already pruned because of the Word which I have spoken to you .
For you always have the poor with you , but you do not always have Me .
and you shall bring near a fire offering to Jehovah seven days ; and the seventh day shall be a holy gathering ; you shall do no work of service .
Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth ? Declare if you know understanding .
The noise of a multitude in the mountains , as of a great people ! A noise of tumult of the kingdoms of nations gathered together ; Jehovah of Hosts is calling up an army for the battle .
And it shall be , when you hear the sound of marching in the tops of the weeping trees , then you shall go out in the battle ; for God has gone out before you to strike the army of the Philistines .
To hear the groaning of the prisoner , to set free the sons of death ;

And in these days , standing up in the middle of the disciples , ( and the number of names together being about a hundred and twenty ) , Peter said ,
So when it comes ( behold , it is coming ! ) , then they will know that a prophet has been in their midst .
And it shall be as the reaping of the harvest grain , and his arm reaps the ears . And it shall be as he who gathers ears in the Valley of the Giants .
And all the demons begged Him , saying , Send us into the pigs , that we may enter into them .
And a certain ruler asked Him saying , Good Teacher , what may I do to inherit eternal life ?
But the brothers at once sent both Paul and Silas to Berea during the night ; who having arrived went into the synagogue of the Jews .
the Jebusite also , and the Amorite , and the Girgashite ,
Paul , an apostle of Jesus Christ , through the will of God , and Timothy the brother , to the church of God being in Corinth , with all the saints being in all Achaia ,
And Hezekiah prayed before Jehovah , and said , O Jehovah the God of Israel , who sits above the cherubs , You are God Himself , You alone , to all the kingdoms of the earth ; You have made the heavens and the earth .
And if one member suffers , all the members suffer with it . If one member is glorified , all the members rejoice with it .
Are You not our God ? You have driven out the inhabitants of this land from before Your people Israel , and have given it to the seed of Abraham , Your friend forever ;
Let be given to us seven men of his sons to us . And we will expose them to Jehovah in Gibeah of Saul , the chosen of Jehovah . And the king said , I will deliver them .
And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth , holding the four winds of the earth , that wind should not blow on the earth , nor on the sea , nor on every tree .
And he said to me , Jehovah , before whom I walk , will send His Angel with you and prosper your way . And you shall take a wife for my son from my family , from my father's house .
And he said , While the boy was alive , I fasted and wept . For I said , Who knows ? Jehovah may be gracious to me and the boy may stay alive .
And they pulled up from Haradah and encamped in Makheloth .

And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
And it happened in the fifth year of king Rehoboam , Shishak the king of Egypt came against Jerusalem because they had acted unfaithfully against Jehovah .
But he being joined to the Lord is one spirit .

So the beasts of the desert shall dwell there with jackals . And the daughters of the ostrich shall dwell in her again . And it shall not again have anyone in it forever ; it shall not be lived in until generation and generation .
Truly , I say to you , In no way shall you come out from there until you pay the last kodrantes .
In the beginning was the Word , and the Word was with God , and the Word was God .
So says Jehovah , who gives the sun for a light by day , the laws of the moon , and the stars for a light by night , who stirs up the sea so that its waves roar , Jehovah of Hosts is His name .
only , the high places were not destroyed ; the people still sacrificed and offered incense in high places .
Out of the tribe of Asher , twelve thousand having been sealed . Out of the tribe of Naphtali , twelve thousand having been sealed . Out of the tribe of Manasseh , twelve thousand having been sealed .
Who has sent out the wild ass free , or who has untied the bands of the wild ass ?
To you , O Jehovah , be the greatness , and the power , and the glory , and the victory , and the majesty ; for all in the heavens and in the earth belongs to You , O Jehovah ; Yours is the kingdom , and You lift up Yourself to all as Head ;
And he said to me , You must again prophesy before peoples and nations and tongues and many kings .
The ransom of a man's life is his riches , but the poor man does not hear rebuke .
had not revealed her people or her kindred , for Mordecai had commanded her that she should not reveal it .
to make a distinction between the unclean and the clean , and between the living thing that may be eaten and the living thing that may not be eaten .

And all Israel shall mourn for him , and bury him , for only this one of Jeroboam shall come to the grave because there has been found in him a good thing toward Jehovah , God of Israel , in the house of Jeroboam .
for we are but of yesterday , and we know nothing because our days on earth are a shadow .
I beg you , even today give back to them their lands , their vineyards , their oliveyards , and their houses ; also the hundredth part of their silver , and of the grain , the wine , and the oil , that you have taken from them .
And there shall be no leaven seen with you in your borders seven days ; nor shall any of the flesh which you sacrificed the first day at evening remain all night until the morning .

Do not be hasty in your spirit to be angry ; for vexation rests in the bosom of fools .
And you shall make a border of a hand's breadth for it all around . And you shall make a wreath of gold all around on its border .
What do you know that we do not know ? Or understand , that is not with us ?
Also there was another great eagle with great wings and many feathers . And , behold , this vine bent its roots toward him , and sent out its branches to him , to water it , away from the beds of its planting .
To this One all the Prophets witness , so that through His name everyone believing into Him will receive remission of sins .
for the administration of the fullness of the times to head up all things in Christ , both the things in the heavens , and the things on earth , in Him ,
Pay attention to me , and answer me ; I wander and I moan in my complaint ,
to whom I swore in My anger , They shall not enter into My rest .
These were the chiefs of the sons of Esau : the sons of Eliphaz , the first born of Esau : Chief Teman , Chief Omar , Chief Zepho , Chief Kenaz ,

Tie them on your fingers ; write them on the tablet of your heart .
And I saw him touched beside the ram . And he was moved with anger against him . And he struck the ram and shattered his two horns . And there was no power in the ram to stand before him . But he threw him down to the ground and trampled him . And no one could deliver the ram from his hand .
Set apart a fast ; call a solemn assembly ; gather the elders , all the inhabitants of the land , into the house of Jehovah your God , and cry to Jehovah .
Her prophets are proud , men of deceit ; her priests have profaned the sanctuary ; they have done violence to the Law .
And the Jews struck against all their haters with a stroke of the sword , and slaughter , and destruction , and did what they desired to those who hated them .
And it happened , when Jeroboam the son of Nebat heard ( and he was still in Egypt where he had fled from the face of Solomon the king , and Jeroboam lived in Egypt )

And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went on and stood afar off , across from them . And they both stood by the Jordan .
And the king commanded Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and he went out and fell on him , and he died . And the kingdom was established in the hand of Solomon .
And he being exposed , Pharaoh's daughter took him up and reared him for a son to her .
And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life .
For Jehovah your God is a merciful God . He will not forsake you , nor destroy you , nor forget the covenant of your fathers which He swore to them .
Jehovah is king forever and ever ; the nations have perished out of His land .
And her father said , I certainly said that you would surely hate her , and I gave her to your companion . Is not her sister , the young one , better than she ? Please let her belong to you , instead of her .

And Joab fought against Rabbah of the sons of Ammon , and captured the royal city .
Why do You stand far away , O Jehovah ? Will You hide in times of distress ?
So you witness to yourselves that you are the sons of those who murdered the prophets .
Jehovah bless you and keep you ;
So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel concerning Ahab the son of Kolaiah , and concerning Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah , who prophesy a lie to you in My name : Behold , I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon , and he shall strike them before your eyes .


Epaphras greets you , he of you , a slave of Christ , always striving for you in prayers , that you may stand full-grown and being complete in every will of God .
Behold , you are beautiful , my Beloved ; yea , pleasant . Also our couch is green .
Then Jesus said to them again , Peace to you . As the Father has sent Me , I also send you .
Therefore , let us draw near with confidence to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and we may find grace for help in time of need .
Is not Jehovah your God with you ? Yea , He has given you rest all around , for He has given into my hand the inhabitants of the land , and has subdued the land before Jehovah and before His people .
And the king said , Turn aside , stand here . And he turned aside and stood .
that the violence against Jerubbaal's seventy sons , even their blood , might be put on their brother Abimelech who killed them , and on the leaders of Shechem , who made his hands strong to kill his brothers .
in brotherly love to one another , loving fervently , having gone before one another in honor ;
And since Jews ask for a sign , and Greeks seek wisdom ,
So you also have those holding the teaching of the Nicolaitans , which thing I hate .
And Jehovah gave them into Israel's hand , and they struck them , and pursued them to the great Sidon , and to the burning waters , and to the valley of Mizpeh eastward . And they struck them until he did not have a survivor left to them .
And you have forgotten the exhortation which He speaks with you , as with sons , " My sons , do not despise the chastening of the Lord , nor faint while being corrected by Him .
And as they led Him away , having laid hold on a certain Simon , a Cyrenian , coming from a field , they put the cross on him , to bear it behind Jesus .
And as forty years time passed , He tenderly bore them in the wilderness .

and He led His people forth like sheep ; and He led them like a flock in the wilderness .
And the king said to Hazael , Take a present in your hand and go to meet the man of God . And you shall seek Jehovah by him , saying , Shall I revive from this sickness ?
Having purified your souls in the obedience of the truth through the Spirit to unpretended brotherly love , love one another fervently out of a pure heart ,
Nebu-chadnezzar , the king of Babylon , has devoured us . He has crushed us . He has made us an empty vessel . He has swallowed us like a jackal . He has filled his belly with delicacies . He has thrown me out .

And , brothers , I exhort you , endure the word of exhortation , for I indeed wrote to you by a few words .
saying , They struck me ! I was not sick ! They beat me , yet I did not know . When I awaken I will add to it , I will still seek it .
And your people shall all be righteous ; they shall possess the earth forever , a branch of My planting , a work of My hands , to beautify Myself .
only , you shall not build the house , but your son who shall come out from your loins , he shall build the house for My name .
You shall completely destroy all the places where the nations which you are expelling served their gods , on the high mountains , and on the hills , and under every leafy tree .
And he says to me , The waters which you saw , where the harlot sits , are peoples and crowds and nations and tongues .
And over the army of the tribe of the sons of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon .
My tongue shall answer Your word , for all Your commands are righteousness .
Do not be afraid of sudden terror , nor of the destruction of the wicked when it comes .
if the men of my tent did not say , Who can find one not being satisfied from his meat ,
and if you turn away , and you shall forsake My statutes and My commandments that I have placed before you , and shall go and serve other gods and shall bow yourselves to them ,
And Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah , and built Ramah , to keep anyone from going out and coming in to Asa the king of Judah .
Then being justified by faith , we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ ,
Therefore , be merciful , even as your Father also is merciful .

Then they believed His words ; they sang His praise .
Kaph . My soul is being consumed for Your salvation ; I hope in Your word .

the sons of Jehieli : Zetham , and his brother Joel , who were over the treasures of the house of Jehovah ,
And Saul listened to Jonathan's voice , and Saul swore , As Jehovah lives he shall not die .
And the Angel of Jehovah called to Abraham out of the heavens a second time .
And he said to me , To build a house for it in the land of Shinar ; and it shall be fixed and established there on its own place .
And they were broken in pieces , nation against nation , and city against city . For God troubled them with every distress .
O my God , deliver me out of the hand of the wicked , and out of the palm of the unjust and the ruthless .
The word which was to from Jehovah when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all his army , and all the kingdoms of the earth ( because his hand rules ) , and all the peoples fought against Jerusalem , and against all its cities , saying ,
Speak to Aaron and say to him , When you go up with the lamps , the seven lamps shall give light in the front of the lampstand .
And the priest brought in the ark of the covenant of Jehovah to its place , to the sanctuary of the house , to the Holy of Holies , to the place of the wings of the cherubs ;
And in those times many shall stand up against the king of the south . And the sons of the violent ones of your people shall rise up to establish the vision , but they shall stumble .
He who keeps the law is a wise son , but he who is a feeder of gluttons shames his father .
As you go into the city , so you shall find him , before he goes up to the high place to eat . For the people will not eat until he comes , for he shall bless the sacrifice . Afterward they who are called will eat . And now , go up , for at this time you will find him .
And they measured with an omer . And the one gathering much did not have too much . And the one gathering little did not have any need . Each one gathered according to the mouth of his eating .
And the men said to Lot , Who still is here to you ? Bring out of this place your sons and your sons-in-law and your daughters , and whoever belongs to you in the city .
Yet she went into exile ; she went into captivity . Also her young ones were dashed to pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honored ones , and all her great ones were bound in chains .
And the messengers came in . And , behold , the image was on the bed , and the quilt of goat's hair was at his head-place .
and the pelican , and the owl , and the cormorant ,
And two men , sons of worthlessness , came in and sat across from him . And the men of worthlessness testified of him before the people , even Naboth , saying , Naboth has cursed God and the king . And they took him out to the outside of the city , and stoned him with stones . And he died .

For you are a holy people to Jehovah your God . Jehovah your God has chosen you to be His own treasure out of all the people on the face of the earth .
For truly my words are not false ; the perfect One in knowledge is with you .
And they gave them the City of Arba , the father of Anak ( which is Hebron ) in the hills of Judah , with its open lands around it .
And hearing these things , they were cut to their hearts and gnashed the teeth on him .
And when the righteous turns from his righteousness and does injustice , and I lay a stumbling-block before him , he shall die . Since you have not warned him , he shall die in his sin , and his righteousness which he has done shall not be remembered . But I will require his blood at your hand .
for Jehovah has poured out on you the spirit of deep sleep , and has closed your eyes . He has covered the prophets and your heads , the seers .
And I will give signs in the heavens and in the earth : blood , and fire , and columns of smoke .
Therefore what fruit did you have then in the things over which you are now ashamed ? For the end of those things is death .
And the elders of Gilead said to Jephthah , For this reason we have come back to you now ; and you shall go with us and fight against the sons of Ammon . And you shall be our head , to all the people of Gilead .
And every wise-hearted woman spun with her hands ; and they brought spun yarn , blue , and purple , and crimson and bleached linen .
And so you shall do on the seventh of the month for each man who goes astray , and for the simple . And you shall atone for the house .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Sing to Jehovah . Praise Jehovah . For He has delivered the soul of the poor from the hand of evildoers .
You have sown much , and bring in little ; you eat , but are not satisfied ; you drink , but not to be filled ; you dress , but there is no warmth to one . Yea , he who sells himself sells himself for a bag of holes .
I am not at ease , nor am I at rest ; nor am I quiet ; yet turmoil comes .
You know the brother , Timothy , having been freed , with whom if I come sooner , I will see you .
Of the sons of Zebulun , according to their families : of Sered , the family of the Seredites ; of Elon , the family of the Elonites ; of Jahleel , the family of the Jahleelites .
And when the days are completed , it shall be on the eighth day and forward , the priests shall make your burnt offerings , and your peace offerings , on the altar . And I will accept you , declares the Lord Jehovah .
And he went out to the source of the waters and threw salt there , and said , So says Jehovah , I have given healing to these waters ; there shall not be death and sterility there any more .

And Jehu and Jehonadab the son of Rechab went in to the house of Baal and said to the servants of Baal , Search and see that there are none of the servants of Jehovah here with you ; but only the servants of Baal .
Please let our lord say to your servants before you , let them seek out a man who knows how to play on the harp . And it shall be , when the evil spirit from God is upon you , then he shall play with his hand , and it shall be well with you .
Only he did not buy the land of the priests ; for Pharaoh had appointed a portion for the priests , and they usually ate their appointed portion which Pharaoh gave to them . For this reason they did not sell their land .
And having come up that slave reported these things to his lord . Then being angry , the housemaster said to his slave , Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city , and bring in here the poor and maimed and lame and blind ones .
And you shall know that I am Jehovah when I have opened your graves and have brought you up out of your graves , O My people .
All words are wearisome ; a man is not able to utter it . The eye is not satisfied to see , nor is the ear filled from hearing .
Behold , I will put a spirit in him , and he shall hear a rumor and shall turn back to his land ; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his land .
And he said , As Jehovah lives , before whom I stand , I shall not take . And he pressed on him to take , but he refused .
And the archers shot at king Josiah . And the king said to his servants , Pass me out , for I am severely wounded .
that you not become dull , but imitators of those who through faith and longsuffering are inheriting the promises .
And indeed every priest stands day by day ministering , and often offering the same sacrifices , which can never take away sins .
Though I bound , I made their arms strong ; yet they think evil against Me .
And you have not kept the charge of My holy things , but you have set them as keepers of My charge in My sanctuary , for themselves .
And the assembly of the peoples shall surround You , and over it You will return on high ;
to Timothy , a true child in the faith : Grace , mercy , peace from God our Father and our Lord Jesus Christ .
And all those of the land came into a forest , and there was honey on the ground .
And if a woman's discharge in her flesh is a flow of blood , she shall be in her impurity seven days ; and whoever touches her shall be unclean until the evening .
You shall make atonement seven days for the altar , and shall sanctity it ; and the altar shall become most holy , all touching the altar becomes holy .
Then the Angel of Jehovah went out and struck a hundred and eighty five thousand in the camp of Assyria . And they rose early in the morning ; and , behold ! They were all dead corpses .
These six were born to him in Hebron . And he reigned there seven years and six months . And he reigned in Jerusalem thirty three years .
Speak to the sons of Israel , saying , Appoint cities of refuge for you , as I have spoken to you by the hand of Moses ,
And to the sons of Gershon , of the families of the Levites from the half tribe of Manasseh they gave Golan in Bashan and its open lands as a city of refuge for the manslayer , and Be-eshterah and its open lands ; two cities .
And Zadok the priest , and Nathan the prophet , and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and the Cherethites and the Pelethites went out and caused Solomon to ride on king David's mule , and caused him to go to Gihon .
like a lion who longs to tear , and like a young lion sitting in hidden dens .
For our gospel did not come to you in word only , but also in power , and in the Holy Spirit , and in much assurance , even as you know what kind we were among you for your sake .
And Hanun took David's servants and shaved off half of their beards , and cut off their long robes in the center , to their buttocks ; and he sent them away .
For we are the circumcision , the ones who worship by the Spirit of God , and who glory in Christ Jesus , and who do not trust in flesh .

And stretching out the hand , He touched him , saying , I will ! Be cleansed ! And instantly the leprosy departed from him .
Woe to him who says to the wood , Awake ! To a mute stone , Rise up , it shall teach ! Behold , it is overlaid with gold and silver , but no breath is in its midst .
And He said to her , Daughter , your faith has healed you . Go in peace and be whole from your plague .
I was being in the city of Joppa , praying . And in an ecstasy , I saw a vision : a certain vessel was coming down , like a huge sheet , being let down by four corners out of the heaven ; and it came as far as me .
if I were hungry , I would not tell you ; for the world is Mine , and the fullness of it .
his offering : one silver dish , its weight a hundred and thirty , one silver basin of seventy shekels according to the sanctuary shekel , both of them full of flour mixed with oil for a food offering ;
This is He about whom I said , After me comes a Man who has been before me , for He was preceding me .
And Isaiah said to Hezekiah , Hear the word of Jehovah :
And they lie in wait for their own blood ; they lurk secretly for their own souls .
And the priest stood up and said to them , You have trespassed and have dwelt with foreign women , to increase the guilt of Israel .
You will add days to the days of the king ; his years will be as generations to generations .
Ataroth , and Dibon , and Jazer , and Nimrah , and Heshbon , and Elealeh , and Shebam , and Nebo , and Beon ,
to deliver such a one to Satan for destruction of the flesh , that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus .
Zadok , his son ; Ahimaaz , his son .
And before Him shall be gathered all the nations ; and He will separate them from one another , as the shepherd separates the sheep from the goats .
For we do surely die and are as water which is spilled on the ground , which cannot be gathered up . And God does not take a life , but has devised plans so that the outcast is not cast out from Him .
And he said , What have I sinned , that you are giving your servant into the hand of Ahab to kill me ?

( for He working in Peter to an apostleship of the circumcision , also worked in me to the nations ) ,
Also I brought you up from the land of Egypt and led you in the wilderness forty years , to possess the land of the Amorite .
one golden pan of ten shekels full of incense ;
Far be it from me that I should justify you . Until I die , I shall not retract my integrity from me .
But will he not say to him , Prepare something what I may eat , and having girded yourself , serve me until I eat and drink , and after these things you shall eat and drink ?
And the second came , saying , Lord , your mina has made five minas .
So says Jehovah of hosts concerning Edom : Is wisdom no more in Teman ? Has counsel perished from the prudent ? Has their wisdom vanished ?
And He went out bearing His cross , to the place called Of a Skull ( which is called in Hebrew , Golgotha ) ,
In the thirty eighth year of Azariah the king of Judah , Zechariah the son of Jeroboam reigned over Israel , in Samaria , six months .
Tie them to your heart forever ; tie them around your neck .
And it happened after they had brought it around , the hand of Jehovah was against the city with a very great destruction . And He struck the men of the city , from the least to the greatest ; and hemorrhoids broke forth in them .

And may he be to you a restorer of life , and a nourisher of your old age , for your daughter-in-law who loves you has borne him , who is better to you than seven sons .
And his name shall be called in Israel , The house of him whose shoe was taken off .
Tarshish was your trader from the multitude of your wealth . With silver , iron , tin , and lead , they gave for your wares .
And Jesus said to him , The foxes have holes , and the birds of the heaven nests , but the Son of man has nowhere He may lay His head .
opening and setting forth that the Christ must have suffered , and to have risen from the dead , and that this is the Christ , Jesus , whom I announce to you .
and Nibshan , and the city of Salt , and En-gedi ; six cities and their villages .
The day I am afraid , I will trust in You .
And they shall listen to your voice ; and you shall come in , you and the elders of Israel to the king of Egypt . And you shall say to him , Jehovah the God of the Hebrews has met us ; and now , please let us go for a journey of three days into the wilderness , and let us sacrifice to Jehovah our God .
But if this thing is true that tokens of virginity have not been found for the girl ,
And she said to him , Give a blessing to me . Since you have given me the land of the Negeb , also you shall give springs of water to me . And Caleb gave the upper springs and the lower springs to her .
Therefore , Levi has no portion nor inheritance with his brothers ; Jehovah is his inheritance , according as Jehovah your God spoke to him .
and Eltolad , and Bethul , and Hormah ,
And God looked on the earth , and behold , it was corrupted . For all flesh had corrupted its way on the earth .
And the priest shall cause her to swear and shall say to the woman , If no man has lain with you , and if you have not turned aside to impurity under your husband , be free from these bitter waters which cause the curse .
And I stood on the sand of the sea . And I saw a beast coming up out of the sea , having seven heads and ten horns , and on his horns ten diadems , and on its heads names of blasphemy .
Again the Devil takes Him to a very high mountain , and he showed to Him all the kingdoms of the world and their glory .

who has kept with Your servant David , my father , that which You spoke to him ; yea , You spoke with Your mouth , and You have fulfilled with Your hand , as at this day .

He will deliver you in six troubles ; yea , in seven no evil shall touch you .
And Solomon the son of David made himself strong over his kingdom , and Jehovah his God was with him , and made him exceedingly great .
At the end of three years , even the same year , you shall bring forth all the tithe of your increase , and shall lay it up within your gates .
Jehovah builds up Jerusalem ; He gathers the outcasts of Israel .
His sons and the sons of his sons were with him , his daughters and his sons' daughters , and all his seed he brought with him into Egypt .
And those hearing that He lives , and was seen by her , they did not believe .
I , Jehovah , search the heart , I try the reins , even to give to each man according to his ways , according to the fruit of his doings .
And on the day of the sabbaths , we went outside the city beside a river , where it was customary for prayer to be made . And sitting down , we spoke to the women who came together there .
If these die according to the death of all men , and are visited according to the visitation of all men , then Jehovah has not sent me .
Is there wrong in my tongue ? Cannot my palate discern desirable things ?
And say to it , So says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I am against you , Mount Seir , and I will stretch My hand against you , and I will make you a ruin and a waste .
and they stood up against Uzziah the king , and said to him , It is not for you , O Uzziah , to burn incense to Jehovah , but to the priests , the sons of Aaron , who are sanctified to burn incense ; go out of the sanctuary , for you have trespassed ; and it is not to your honor from Jehovah God .

For their rock is not our Rock , even our enemies being judges .
And Jesus said to them , Can the sons of the bridechamber mourn as long as the bridegroom is with them ? But the days will come when the bridegroom will have been taken from them , and then they will fast .
And the king said , You ask whose son this young man is .
And the manna was like coriander seed , and its look like the look of bdellium resin gum .
therefore , so says the Lord Jehovah : Behold ! I , even I am against you , and will execute judgments in your midst in the sight of the nations .
And He will say , I tell you I do not know you , from where you are . " Stand back from Me all workers of unrighteousness ! "
And Moses said , Why do you now transgress the mouth of Jehovah , since it will not prosper ?

You shall not uncover the nakedness of your brother's wife ; it is your brother's nakedness .
the eyes of your mind having been enlightened , for you to know what is the hope of His calling , and what the riches of the glory of His inheritance in the saints ,
and Ziza the son of Shiphi , the son of Allon , the son of Jedaiah , the son of Shimri , the son of Shemaiah ;
And some of them were persuaded and joined themselves to Paul and Silas , both a great multitude of the worshiping Greeks , and not a few of the leading women .
You shall eat it inside your gates ; the unclean and the clean alike , as the gazelle and as the hart .
The heavens for height , and the earth for depth , but the heart of kings is unsearchable .

he shall shake off its unripe grape as the vine ; and he shall cast its flower like the olive .
And the daughter of Pharaoh went down to bathe at the Nile . And her slave women were walking on the side of the Nile . And she saw the basket in the midst of the reeds , and sent her slave-girl and took it .
or a magic charmer , or one asking of familiar spirits , or a wizard , or one inquiring of the dead .
And you shall take this staff in your hand by which you do the signs .
And you shall fill in it settings of stones , four rows of stones : a row of sardius , topaz , and carbuncle shall be the first row .
I speak as to prudent ones ; you judge what I say .
for the Father Himself loves you , because you have loved Me , and have believed that I came out from God .
And the sons of Israel sent Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest to the sons of Reuben , and to the sons of Gad , and to the half tribe of Manasseh , to the land of Gilead ,

All things came into being through Him , and without Him not even one thing came into being that has come into being .
The rows of shields are his pride , shut up with a tight seal ;
This city shall not be for a pot to you , nor shall you be in its midst for flesh . But I will judge you in the border of Israel ,
and " every tongue should confess " that Jesus Christ is " Lord , " to the glory of God the Father .
And He came to the disciples and found them sleeping . And He said to Peter , So ! Were you not able to watch one hour with Me ?
And food was set before him to eat , but he said , I will not eat until I have spoken my message . And he said , Speak .
And it happened , when Sanballat and Tobiah , and the Arabians , and the Ammonites , and the Ashdodites , heard that repairing of the walls of Jerusalem had gone up , that the breaks were being closed up , it was very angering to them .
And they said , What one out of the tribes of Israel did not come up to Jehovah to Mizpeh ? And , behold , no one had come into the camp from Jabeshgilead to the assembly .

For who shall have pity on you , O Jerusalem ? Or who shall weep over you ? Or who shall turn aside to ask your welfare ?
And when He opened the seventh seal , a silence occurred in Heaven , about a half hour .
Jesus answered him , Will you lay down your life for Me ? Indeed , I tell you truly , in no way shall a cock crow until you deny Me three times .
Do not dread , nor be afraid . Have I not declared and made you hear since then ? So you are My witnesses : Is there a God besides Me ? Yea , there is none . I have not known a Rock .
And He said to His disciples , Because of this I say to you , do not be anxious as to your life , what you should eat ; nor as to the body , what you should put on .
And all the multitude kept silent and were hearing Barnabas and Paul recounting what things God did through them among the nations , even the signs and wonders .
For I testify that according to their ability and beyond their ability , they willingly gave ,
The ways of Sheol are in her house , leading down to the rooms of death .
But I say to you , My friends , stop being afraid of the ones killing the body , and after these things not having anything more they can do .
Listen carefully to my speech , and let this be your comfort ;
And the king had covered his face . Yea , the king cried with a loud voice , My son Absalom ! Absalom my son , my son !
And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah , the brother of his father , to reign in his place , and turned his name into Zedekiah .
After this lived a hundred and forty years . And he saw his sons , and his grandsons , even four generations .
And the remainder in length alongside the heave offering of the holy parts shall be ten thousand eastward , and ten thousand westward . And it shall be alongside the heave offering of the holy part . And its produce shall be for bread to those who serve the city .
With strange gods they moved Him to jealousy ; and with idols they provoked Him to anger .
Let the heavens and the earth praise Him ; the seas , and everything that moves in them .
Zayin . Remember the word to Your servant , on which You made me hope .
And I shall bring all the people back to you when all return , except the man whom you are seeking . All the people shall be in peace .
For Jehovah had completely closed up every womb of the house of Abimelech because of Sarah , the wife of Abraham .
His bull passes semen and does not fail ; his cow calves and does not miscarry .
And those who remain shall hear and fear , and thereafter shall not add to commit any such evil among you .
Egypt was glad when they went out , for their dread had fallen on them .
Those hating good and loving evil , who pull their skin off them , and their flesh from their bones ;
Sing to Him ; sing praises to Him ; tell of all His wonders .

And he said , If Syria is stronger than I , then you shall help me ; but if the Ammonites are too strong for you , then I will help you .
For I have heard a voice like a woman in labor , the anguish as one bearing her first child , the voice of Zion's daughter gasping and spreading her hands , saying , Woe is to me now , for my soul faints because of murderers .
When a man steals an ox or a sheep , and kills it , or sells it , he shall pay five cattle for the ox , and four sheep for the sheep .
The sons of Japheth : Gomer , and Magog , and Madai , and Javan , and Tubal , and Meshech , and Tiras .
And he said to Him , Please , if I have found grace in Your eyes , then You shall give me a sign that You are speaking with me .
Jehovah spoke to me , saying ,
And this we will do , if indeed God permits .
And David came to Nob , to Ahimelech the priest . And Ahimelech trembled at meeting David , and said to him , Why are you by yourself , and no man with you ?
Little children , I write to you because you have been forgiven your sins through His name .
And looking at him , Jesus loved him , and said to him , One thing is lacking to you . Go , sell what things you have , and give to the poor . And you will have treasure in Heaven . And come , follow Me , taking up the cross .
He who acts prudently shall find good , and he who trusts in Jehovah , Oh how happy is he !
Shame shall cover you from the violence against your brother Jacob , and you shall be cut off forever .

Shem , Arphaxad , Shelah ,
All things were delivered to Me by My Father , and no one knows who the Son is except the Father ; and who is the Father , except the Son , and he to whom the Son may desire to reveal Him .
And the sons of Jonathan : Peleth and Zaza . These were the sons of Jerahmeel .
But I have a baptism to be immersed in , and how am I pressed until it is done !
As they called to them , so they went from their face . They sacrifice to the Baals , and burn incense to graven images .
We remember the fish that we ate in Egypt for nothing ; the cucumbers , and the melons , and the leeks , and the onions , and the garlic ;
These were those numbered of the families of the Kohathites , everyone who is serving in the tabernacle of the congregation , whom Moses and Aaron numbered by the mouth of Jehovah , by the hand of Moses .
If God was glorified in Him , God also will glorify Him in Himself , and immediately will glorify Him .
We will rejoice in your salvation , and in the name of our God set up banners ; may Jehovah fulfill all your prayers .
All on account of this , king Darius signed the document and the ban .
And it shall be in that day , I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land , and they shall be remembered no more , says Jehovah of hosts . And I also will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land .
And the form of a man's hand was seen under the wings of the cherubs .
and the fat of the bullock , and of the ram , the fat tail , and the covering , and the kidneys , and the fold above the liver .
And I said , Should such a man as I flee ? And who being as I am would go into the temple and live ? I will not go in .
For the coastlands shall wait for Me , and the ships of Tarshish at the first , to bring your sons from far away , their silver and their gold to them , to the name of Jehovah your God , and to the Holy One of Israel , because He has glorified you .
And I gave you the house of your master , and your master's wives into your bosom . And I gave you the house of Israel and of Judah . And if that were too little , then I would have added to you these and those things .

Gilead remained beyond the Jordan ; and why did Dan stay in ships ? Asher sat at the shore by the water , and remained by his havens .
Wail like a virgin girded with sackcloth over the husband of her youth .
And going quickly say to His disciples that He was raised from the dead . And behold ! He goes before you into Galilee . You will see Him there . Behold ! I told you .
Son of man , set your face the way of the south , and drop a word toward the Negeb , and prophesy against the forest of the field of the Negeb .

Jesus said to her , Woman , why do you weep ? Whom do you seek ? Thinking that it was the gardener , she said to Him , Sir , if you carried Him away , tell me where you put Him , and I will take Him away .
And I will overthrow the throne of the kingdoms , and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the nations . And I will overthrow the chariots and their riders , and the horses and their riders will come down , each one by the sword of his brother .
I have many things to say and to judge concerning you ; but the One sending Me is true , and what I heard from Him , these things I say to the world .
and all that Samuel the seer , and Saul the son of Kish , and Abner the son of Ner , and Joab the son of Zeruiah , all who dedicated , was at the hand of Shelomith and his brothers .

And He charged him to tell no one . But going away , show yourself to the priest and offer concerning your cleansing , as Moses commanded , for a testimony to them .
Then your light shall break as the dawn , and your healing shall spring up quickly ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of Jehovah shall gather you .
And he cast for it four rings of gold ; and he put the rings on the four corners , which were to its four feet .
In those days , and at that time , states Jehovah , the iniquity of Israel shall not be sought for , and it is not ; and the sins of Judah , and they will not be found ; for I will pardon those whom I leave as a remnant .
And who will listen to you in this thing ? For as the portion of him who goes down to battle , so shall be his share who remains by the baggage . They shall share together .
And he said , Please send me away , for we have a family sacrifice in the city , and my brother commanded me . And now , if I have found favor in your eyes , please let me be released , and to see my brothers . So he has not come to the table of the king .
Have you been bound to a wife ? Do not seek to be released . Have you been released from a wife ? Do not seek a wife .
And it shall be , as you were a curse among the nations , O house of Judah and house of Israel , so I will save you , and you shall be a blessing . Do not fear ; let your hands be strong .
Woe to you that you have also built yourself a mound , and you have made yourself a high place in every open place !

And it happened after Israel had sown crops , Midian , and Amalek , and the sons of the east came ; and they came against them ,

By the mouth of the lot , possession of it shall be divided between the many and few .
And died , being old and full of days .

You have shamed the counsel of the afflicted , for Jehovah is his refuge .
And he said to them , Now hear this dream which I have dreamed :
I have dug and drunk water ; and I have dried up the streams of Egypt with the sole of my feet .
By your blood which you have shed , you are guilty ; and by your idols which you have made , you are defiled . And your days are brought near , and you have come to your years . On account of this , I have made you a reproach to the nations , and a mocking to all the lands .
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur .
And say to Tyre , Oh you who dwell at the entrances of the sea , a merchant of the peoples for many coast lands , so says the Lord Jehovah : O Tyre , you have said , I am perfect of beauty .
And landing at Syracuse , we remained three days .
Speak to the sons of Israel , saying , If any man of you or of your generations shall be unclean by reason of a body , or be in a distant journey , yet he shall keep the Passover to Jehovah .
And I cleansed them from all aliens , and appointed watches to the priests and the Levites , each one in his business ,
And it happened in the morning David wrote a letter to Joab , and sent it by the hand of Uriah .
For , behold , the Lord , Jehovah of Hosts , takes away the stay and the staff from Jerusalem and from Judah ; the whole stay of bread and the whole stay of water ;
Jehovah your God shall raise up to you a Prophet from among you , of your brothers , One like me ; you shall listen to Him ,
Yes , they shall sing in the ways of Jehovah ; for the glory of Jehovah is great .
And they laid it up until the morning , as Moses commanded . And it did not stink and no maggot was in it .
Behold , You shall call a nation You do not know ; yea , a nation not knowing You shall run to You , because of Jehovah Your God , and for the Holy One of Israel ; for He has glorified You .
And Abimelech called Isaac and said , See , surely she is your wife , and how have you said , She is my sister ? And Isaac said to him , Because I said , lest I die on account of her .
I was at ease , but He has shattered me ; yea , He has also taken hold on my neck and broken me to bits ; and He has set me up as a target for Him .
" And it shall be " in the last days , God says , " I will pour from My Spirit on all flesh , and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy ; " " and your young men shall see visions , " " and your old men shall dream dreams ; "
For Jehovah will not leave His people ; nor will He forsake His inheritance .
He takes up all of him with the hook ; he drags him with his net and gathers him with his seine . On account of this he rejoices and exults .
to those in Bethel , and to those in Ramoth of the Negeb , and to those in Jattir ,
And Samuel said to Saul , Jehovah sent me to anoint you king over His people , over Israel . And now listen to the voice of the words of Jehovah .
And I took faithful witnesses to record for me , Uriah the priest , and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah .
And they murmured in their tents , not listening to the voice of Jehovah ;
And they were announcing the gospel there .

and thirty thousand , five hundred asses ;
Bread is made for laughter , and wine gladdens life ; but silver answers all things .
Praise Jehovah , O Jerusalem ; praise your God , O Zion .
And he made come in all the priests out of the cities of Judah , and defiled the high places where the priests burned incense , from Geba to Beersheba , and broke down the high places of the gates that were at the entrance of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city , which were on a man's left hand at the gate of the city .
Blessed is the man who sets Jehovah as his trust , and does not turn to the proud , or to those who turn to a lie .
I commanded that my brother Hanani , and Hananiah the ruler of the palace be over Jerusalem . For he was as a faithful man and feared God above many .
Hanan the son of Maachah , and Joshaphat the Mithnite ,
let his days be few ; and let another take his office ;

And he said to me , Have you seen , son of man ? And he led me and made me return to the lip of the torrent .
And He said , Where have you put him ? They said to Him , Lord , come and see .
And this formerly was done in Israel for redemption , and for changing , to confirm every thing : A man would draw off his sandal and gave to his neighbor . And this was the attestation in Israel .
And I commanded Baruch before their eyes , saying ,
and their drink offerings shall be a half of a hin to a bullock , and a third of a hin to a ram , and a fourth of a hin to a lamb , of wine . This shall be the burnt offering of every month for the months of the year .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses saying ,
And this is the reason circumcised : All the people who had come out of Egypt , who were males , all the men of war , had died in the wilderness , in the way , as they came out of Egypt .
There is nothing from outside the man , having entered into him , which is able to defile him . But the things going out from him , those are the things defiling the man .
Then they shall confess their sin which they have done . And he shall make restitution for his guilt in full , and add its fifth to it , and shall give it to him against whom he has been guilty .


And it happened , the sun was setting , and a deep sleep fell on Abram ; ant behold , a terror of great darkness falling on him !
Nathanael answered and said to Him , Rabbi , You are the Son of God ; You are the King of Israel .
And behold , I have stretched out My hand over you , and I drew back your portion . And I gave you to the will of those hating you , the daughters of the Philistines , who are ashamed of your wicked way .
And I became great and increased more than all who were before me in Jerusalem ; also my wisdom stayed with me .
a heart that plots evil plans , feet hurrying to run to mischief ,
God has spoken in His holiness ; I will rejoice ; I will portion out Shechem ; and I will measure out the valley of Succoth .
For you say , What will it benefit you ? What shall I profit more than if I had sinned ?
and the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , touching the wall of the house , and the other wing was five cubits , touching the wing of the other cherub .
As you go from me today even you will find two men by Rachel's tomb , in the border of Benjamin at Zelzah . And they will say to you , The she asses that you went to seek have been found . And , behold , your father has left off the matters of the she asses and is anxious for you , saying , What shall I do for my son ?
Let not the flood waters overflow me , nor let the deep swallow me up ; and let not the pit shut its mouth on me .
beginning from the baptism of John until the day when He was taken from us , one of these to become a witness of His resurrection with us .
He makes water flow from his buckets , and his seed shall be in many waters ; his king shall be higher than Agag , and his kingdom exalted .


it stood still , but I could not discern its form ; an image was before my eyes ; there was silence ; then I heard a voice :
and saying , Where is the promise of His coming ? For since the fathers fell asleep , all things continue this way from the beginning of creation .
And Jonathan said to David , What your soul may say , I also will do for you .
and they glorified God in me .
Jehovah is exalted , for He lives on high ; He has filled Zion with justice and righteousness .
Speak to the sons of Israel and say to them , When you have come to the land of your dwellings , which I am giving to you ,

So says the Lord Jehovah : Are you he of whom I have spoken in former days by the hand of My servants , the prophets of Israel , who prophesied in those days and years , to bring you against them ?
And at once entering into the boat with His disciples , He came into the region of Dalmanutha .
And the porches all around were twenty five cubits long and five cubits wide .
And bringing them up to the house , he set a table before them , and exulted whole-housely , believing God .
You went forth for the salvation of Your people , for the salvation of Your anointed . You struck the head from the house of the wicked to bare the foundation to the neck . Selah .
Speak to all the congregation of the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , You are holy , for I am holy , Jehovah your God .
it is Another that witnesses concerning Me , and I know that the witness which He witnesses concerning Me is true .
because I will proclaim the name of Jehovah and ascribe greatness to our God .
Then the scribes and Pharisees came to Jesus from Jerusalem , saying ,
Then they sought to seize Him ; yet no one laid a hand on Him , because His hour had not yet come .

Hurry , my Beloved , and be like a gazelle , or a young deer , the stag , on the mountains of spices .
as they go into the tabernacle of the congregation they shall wash with water , and shall not die ; or as they draw near to the altar to minister , to burn a fire offering to Jehovah .
Abstain from anger and cease from fury ; also do not inflame yourself to do evil .
And all the people also , each man , cut down his bough , and went after Abimelech , and set them at the stronghold , and kindled the stronghold with fire over them . And all the men of the tower of Shechem also died , about a thousand men and women .
For so says the Lord Jehovah : Behold , I will give you in the hand of those whom you hate , in the hand of whom your soul was alienated from them .
And how precious are Your thoughts to me , O God ! How great is the sum of them !


And a man came from Baal-shalisha and brought the man of God bread of the firstfruits , twenty loaves of barley , and ripe ears of grain in his sack . And he said , Give to the people , and they may eat .


And Hezekiah did not return according to the benefit done to him , for his heart had been lifted up , and there was wrath on him and on Judah and Jerusalem .
Jehovah has mixed a perverse spirit in her midst ; and they led astray Egypt in all his work ; as a drunkard strays in his vomit .
The wicked have drawn out the sword and they have trodden their bow , to cause the poor and needy to fall ; to kill those who walk uprightly .
And God said to him in a dream , Yes , I know that you did this in the honor of your heart , and I also withheld you from sinning against Me . On account of this I did not allow you to touch her .
And they said to me , The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in great evil and shame . The wall of Jerusalem also is broken down , and its gates are burned with fire .
And the sea gave up the dead in it . And death and Hades gave up the dead in them . And they were each judged according to their works .
And I said , Wisdom is better than strength ; but the poor man's wisdom is despised , and his words are not heard .
Jehovah , they visited You in distress ; they poured out a whisper ; Your chastening was to them .
And Hushai came in to Absalom . And Absalom spoke to him , saying , Ahithophel has spoken according to this word . Shall we do this word ? If not , you speak .
And the three hundred blew the ram's horns , and Jehovah set a man's sword against his companion even in all the army . And the army fled to Beth-shittah , at Zererath , to the border of Abel-meholah , by Tabbath .
For this reason My fury and My anger poured out and burned in the cities of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem . And they are wasted and deserted as this day .
I went over the field of the lazy man , and by the vineyard of the man lacking heart ,
And he said , Why are you going to him today ; it is neither new moon nor sabbath ? And she said , Peace .
And in your place shall arise another kingdom lower than yours , and another third kingdom of bronze , which shall rule in all the earth .
When you sit down to eat with a ruler , look carefully at what is before you ,
I will rise now and go about in the city , in the streets and in the broad places . I will seek Him whom my soul loves . I sought Him , but I did not find Him .
And now , give up the men , the worthless sons which are in Gibeah , and we shall put them to death . And we shall consume evil from Israel . But Benjamin was not willing to listen to the voice of their brothers , the sons of Israel .
And Moses was instructed in all the wisdom of Egyptians and was powerful in words and in works .
And Moses took his wife and his sons and made them ride on an ass . And he returned to the land of Egypt . And Moses took the staff of God in his hand .
Jehovah will be frightening to them , for He will make lean all the gods of the earth . Each man from his place and all the coastlands of the nations will bow to Him .
Behold , I have refined you , but not with silver ; I have chosen you in the furnace of affliction .

For they thought it good , also being debtors of them ; for if the nations shared in their spiritual things , they ought also to minister to them in the fleshly things .
The one receiving you receives Me , and the one receiving Me receives Him who sent Me .
But concerning the sacrifices to idols , we know that we all have knowledge . Knowledge puffs up , but love builds up .
So says Jehovah of hosts , saying , Judge true judgment , and practice kindness and pity , each man with his brother .
And from the sons of Bigvai , Uthai , Zabbud , and seventy males with them .
And Benjamin came again at that time . And they gave the women whom they had kept alive , of the women of Jabesh-gilead . But they did not find enough for them .
And the leaders of Shechem set men in ambush at the tops of the mountains ; and they robbed all who passed by them on the highway . And it was told to Abimelech .

Teach me , and I will be silent ; and cause me to understand in what I have erred .
And it will be , before they call , I will answer . While they are speaking , then I will hear .
For John said to him , It is not lawful for you to have her .

But , O Jehovah of Hosts , who tries the righteous , who sees the reins and the heart , let me see Your vengeance on them ; for I have revealed my cause to You .
The poor who walks in his integrity is better than he who is perverse in his lips , who is a fool .
And the third angel poured out his bowl onto the rivers , and onto the fountains of the waters ; and it became blood .
Egypt rises up like the Nile , and his waters surge about like the rivers . And he says , I will go up and will cover the earth ; I will destroy the city and its people .
Seven days you shall eat unleavened bread , and on the seventh day keep a feast to Jehovah .
And he came near to her . And the woman said , Are you Joab ? And he said , I am . And she said to him , Hear the words of your handmaid . And he said , I am listening .
Then whether they or I , so we preach , and so you believed .
And now surely you have gone because you have longed after your father's house . Why have you stolen my gods ?
And the leper who has the plague in him , his garments shall be torn , and his head shall be uncovered , and he shall cover the upper lip ; and he shall call out , Unclean ! Unclean !
And He answered them , saying , Who is My mother or My brothers ?
And he changed his prison garments , and he ate bread before his face continually all the days of his life .
I will also scatter them among the nations which they have not known , nor their fathers . And I will send the sword after them until I have consumed them .
Let deacons be husbands of one wife , ruling their own households and children well .
But seeing the man standing with them , the one having been healed , they had nothing to say against him .
They lay hold of a bow and a javelin , they shall be cruel and will show no mercy . Their voice shall roar like the sea , and arrayed like a man for the battle , they shall ride on horses against you , O daughter of Babylon .
And he said to his young man , Come and we shall draw near to one of these places , and shall stay in Gibeah , or in Ramah .
And these are the exits of the city on the north side , four thousand and five hundred measures .
Answer a fool according to his foolishness , that he not be wise in his own eyes .
And answering , they said to Him , Where , Lord ? And He said to them , Where the body is , there the eagles will be gathered together .
And Peter said to Him , Lord , do You speak this parable to us , or also to all ?
Servants , be obedient to your masters in all fear , not only to those good and forbearing , but also to the perverse ones .

For , behold , today I have made you a fortified city , and an iron pillar , and bronze walls against the whole land , against the kings of Judah , against her princes , against her priests , and to the people of the land .
For He healed many , so that they fell on Him , that they might touch Him , as many as had plagues .
And on James the son of Zebedee , and John the brother of James , He put on them the names Boanerges , which is , Sons of Thunder .
So says Jehovah , the King of Israel , and his Redeemer , Jehovah of Hosts : I am the First and I am the last ; and there is no God except Me .
Of Heman were the sons of Heman : Bukkiah , Mattaniah , Uzziel , Shebuel , and Jerimoth , Hananiah , Hanani , Eliathah , Giddalti , and Romamtiezer , Joshbekashah , Mallothi , Hothir , Mahazioth .
You know that I am not wicked ; and there is no one delivering out of Your hand .
Let their table be a trap before them , and to those at ease a snare .

and to stand every morning to thank and praise Jehovah , and likewise at evening .
And the woman had a fat calf in the house . And she hurried and slaughtered it , and took flour , and kneaded it , and baked unleavened cakes of it .
And Isaac had gone out to meditate in the field as it turned evening . And he raised his eyes and looked . And behold , camels were coming .
They make themselves strong in an evil plan ; they talk of laying snares secretly ; they say , Who shall see them ?
As the eagle stirs up its nest ; it hovers over its young ; it spreads out its wings and takes it , and bears it on its wing .
And it happened , in the fourth year of king Hezekiah ( it was the seventh year of Hoshea the son of Elah the king of Israel ) Shalmaneser the king of Assyria came up against Samaria and besieged it .

So says Jehovah , your Redeemer , the Holy One of Israel , I am Jehovah your God , who teaches you to profit , who leads you in the way you should go .
They have cast fire in Your sanctuary ; they have polluted the place where Your name dwells on the earth .
Then Hananiah the prophet took the yoke from the prophet Jeremiah's neck and broke it .
The sun shall not strike you by day , nor the moon by night ;
And a certain man of the sons of the prophets said to his neighbor , By the word of Jehovah , please strike me . And the man refused to strike him .
The gatekeepers were to the four winds : east , west , north , and south .
And he said to them , I am a Hebrew . And I fear Jehovah , the God of Heaven , who has made the sea and the dry land .
So Jehovah says this concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah , king of Judah , They shall not mourn for him , saying , Ah , my brother ! Or , Ah , sister ! They shall not mourn for him , saying , Ah , lord ! Or , Ah , his glory !
And and all Israel were stricken before them , and they fled the way of the wilderness .
Make me understand the way of Your precepts , and I will meditate on Your wonders .

But she being urged on by her mother , she says , Give me here on a platter the head of John the Baptist .
in my distress I called on Jehovah , and I called to my God . And He heard my voice from His temple , and my cry was in His ears .
what then shall I do when God rises up ? And when He calls me to account , what shall I answer Him ?
And Jesus said to them , Truly I say to you , You who have followed Me , in the regeneration when the Son of man sits on the throne of His glory , you also will sit on twelve thrones , judging the twelve tribes of Israel .
Therefore , so says Jehovah of Jehoiakim , king of Judah : There shall not be one to him to sit on the throne of David , and his dead body shall be cast out in the day to the heat , and in the night to the frost .
But behold the hand of My betrayer on the table with Me !
And it happened , as they were going on and speaking , behold , a chariot of fire and horses of fire came . And they separated between them both , and Elijah went up in a tempest to Heaven .
Bend your ear and come to Me ; hear , and your soul shall live ; and I will cut a covenant everlasting with you , the faithful mercies of David .
And if indeed I have erred , my error remains with me .
And when day came , they did not recognize the land , but they noted a certain bay having a shore , into which they purposed , if they were able , to drive the ship .
And said to the two men who had spied out the land , Go into the house of the woman , the harlot , and bring the woman out from there , and all whom she has , as you have sworn to her .
Riches and honor are with me ; enduring wealth and righteousness .
They are enclosed in their own fat ; their mouth speaks proudly ;

But you , if you warn the wicked from his way , to turn from it , and he does not turn from his way , he shall die in his iniquity ; but you have delivered your soul .
If there is a girl that is a virgin , betrothed to a man , and a man finds her in the city , and lies with her ,
three almond like calyxes on the one branch with knob and blossom ; and three almond like calyxes on the one branch with knob and blossom , so for the six branches , those going out from the lampstand .
And all these kings met together . And they came and camped together at the waters of Merom , to fight with Israel .
And he settled them before the king of Moab ; and they lived with him all the days David was in the stronghold .
And the border went up toward Debir from the valley of Achor , and northward looking toward Gilgal , which is opposite to the ascent of Adummim , which is the south side of the torrent ; and the border passed to the waters of En-shemesh , and its boundary line was at Enrogel .
And Jehovah said to Samuel , Listen to their voice , and you shall cause a king to reign over them . And Samuel said to the men of Israel , Each of you go to his city .

And that He raised Him from the dead , no more being about to return to corruption , so He has said , " I will give You " " the holy things of faithful David . "
But that you may know that the Son of man has authority on the earth to forgive sins , He said to the paralytic , I say to you , Rise up , and take your cot and go to your house .
The wings of these cherubs spread out twenty cubits and they were standing on their feet and their faces were inward .
Having become great , Moses by faith refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter ,
And he reigned forty one years in Jerusalem , and his mother's name was Maachah the daughter of Abishalom .

And the men were not willing to listen to him , and the man took hold on his concubine and brought her out to them outside . And they knew her , and rolled themselves on her all night , until the morning . And they sent her away at the dawning of the day .
In that day a fountain shall be opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , for sin and for impurity .
Speak to the sons of Israel , and you shall say to them , When a man makes a difficult vow by your evaluation , the persons shall be Jehovah's .
but I say to you that not even Solomon in all his glory was clothed as one of these .

so , As I live , declares the Lord Jehovah , I will act by your anger and by envy which you have done out of your hatred against them , and I will be known among them when I have judged you .
who flashes out with destruction on the strong ; yea , destruction comes on the fortress .
But you shall eat it before Jehovah your God in the place which Jehovah your God shall choose , you and your son , and your daughter , and your male slave , and your female slave , and the Levite who is within your gates . And you shall rejoice before Jehovah your God in all that you put your hand to .
that through two unchangeable things , in which it was not possible for God to lie , we might have a strong consolation , those having fled to lay hold on the hope set before us ,

the sons of Reuben the first-born of Israel : Hanoch , and Pallu , Hezron , and Carmi .
And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
And He said to him , See , I have lifted up your face also as to this thing , without overthrowing the city for which you have spoken .
So as indeed the ones suffering according to God's will , as to a faithful Creator , let them commit their souls in well-doing .
And also in time past , even when Saul was king , you were he that led out and brought in Israel . And Jehovah your God said to you , You shall feed My people Israel , and you shall be ruler over My people Israel .
And each one lay hold on the head of his companion , and thrust his sword into the side of his companion . And they fell together . And one called that place The Field of Rocks , which is in Gibeon .
And God raised up an adversary to him , Rezon the son of Eliadah , who fled from his lord Hadadezer the king of Zobah .
Then when Pilate heard this word , he was more afraid .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , Behold I will break the bow of Elam , the chief of their might .
Why should the Egyptians say , For evil He has caused them to go up , to kill them in the mountains , and to consume them on the face of the earth ? Turn from Your fierce anger and be moved to pity as to the evil to Your people .
for kings and all the ones being in high position , that we may lead a tranquil and quiet existence in all godliness and dignity .
And the runners stood , each with his weapons in his hand , from the right side of the house to the left side of the house , beside the altar and beside the house , by the king all around .
And Joseph fond favor in his sight , and served him . And he appointed him over his house , and he gave all he owned into his hand .
And he also spoke to the men of Penuel , saying , When I come back in peace , I will break down this tower .
And it shall be in that time , I will search Jerusalem with lamps , and punish the men being settled on their lees ; who say in their heart , Jehovah will not do good , nor will He do evil .
And Ahithophel was the king's counselor . And Hushai the Archite was the king's companion .
His hands are like rings of gold filled with jewels ; His body an ivory plate overlaid with sapphires .
Or does not the potter have authority over the clay , out of the one lump to make one vessel to honor , and one to dishonor ?
He has deflected my ways and torn me to pieces ; He made me desolate .


Please say that you are my sister , so that it may be well with me for your sake , and my soul shall live because of you .
and the vineyard which Your right hand has planted , and on the Son You made strong for Yourself .
And the seventy returned with joy , saying , Lord , even the demons are subject to us through Your Name .
Then from that day , they took counsel that they might kill Him .
The baptism of John , was it from Heaven , or from men ? Answer Me .
And Jehovah said to me , Go again , love a woman loved by a friend , yet an adulteress , according to the love of Jehovah toward the sons of Israel , who turn to other gods , and love raisin cakes of grapes .


And he who goes into the house all the days he has shut it up shall be unclean until the evening .
And Jehovah shall set him apart to evil , out of all the tribes of Israel , according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the law ;
Three times in a year shall all your males appear before Jehovah your God in the place which He shall choose : In the Feast of Unleavened Bread , and in the Feast of Weeks and in the Feast of Tabernacles . And they shall not appear before Jehovah empty ,
His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and injury ; under his tongue are mischief and vanity .
And the king went up to the house of Jehovah and every man of Judah , and the people of Jerusalem , and the priests , and the Levites , and all the inhabitants from the great to the small ; and he read in their ears all the words of the Book of the Covenant found in the house of Jehovah .
And rising up from the prayer , coming to His disciples , He found them sleeping from grief .
spikenard and saffron , calamus and cinnamon ; with all trees of frankincense , myrrh and aloes ; with all the chief balsam spices ;
And he wrote in the letter , saying , Place Uriah in the front of the strongest fighting , and withdraw from him , that he may be struck , and die .
And looking around , Jesus said to His disciples , How hardly those having riches will enter into the kingdom of God !
Whoever offers thanks glorifies Me ; and he who prepares a way , I will show the salvation of God to him .
And the King will desire your beauty , for He is your Lord , and you shall worship Him .
and against her fetus which comes out from between her feet , even against her sons whom she shall bear . For she shall eat them in secret , for the lack of everything in the siege and in the anguish with which the enemy shall distress you within your gates .
And the border shall turn around to you from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim , and shall pass on to Zin , and its end shall be from the south to Kadesh-barnea ; and it shall go out at Hazar-addar , and it shall pass on to Azmon .
And she spoke , saying , They spoke often in days gone by , saying , Surely they will ask at Abel , and so they ended all dispute .
And , behold , a wall on the outside of the house all around . And a measuring reed was in the man's hand , six cubits , with a cubit and a span . So he measured the breadth of the building , one reed ; and the height , one reed .
So I beseech you to confirm your love to him .
And calling them near , He spoke to them in parables , saying , How can Satan cast out Satan ?
These will deliver you from the strange woman , from the foreigner who flatters with her words ,
But answering Jesus said to her , Martha , Martha , you are anxious and troubled about many things ,
Let darkness and the shadow of death seize upon it . Let a cloud dwell on it . Let all that blackens the day terrify it .
your little ones , your wives , and your alien who is in the midst of your camps , from the woodchopper to the one drawing your water ;
In the fourteenth day of this month , between the evenings , you shall prepare it according to all its statutes , and according to all its ordinances .
And they shall speak of the might of Your awesome works , and I will declare Your greatness .
And one of the people answered and said , Your father certainly took an oath of the people , saying , Cursed shall be the man who eats food today . And the people were weak .

When there shall be famine in the land , when there is pestilence , blasting , or mildew ; when there are locusts or ravagers when its enemies have distressed it in the land , in its gates , with any plague and any sickness ;
And I will harden Pharaoh's heart , and he will pursue you . And I will be honored through Pharaoh , and through all his armies . And the Egyptians shall know that I am Jehovah . And they did so .
And of the Levites : Shemaiah the son of Hashub , the son of Azrikam , the son of Hashabiah , of the sons of Merari ;
As a sin offering is , so a guilt offering . One law is for them The priest who makes atonement by it , it is his .
apart from the merchant men , and from the traffic of the traders , and from all the Arabian kings , and from the governors of the lands .
King's daughters are among Your precious ones ; the queen stands at Your right hand in gold of Ophir .


And to the prince shall be from the possession of the Levites , and from the city's possession , amidst that for the prince , between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin .
Then receiving a cohort and under-officers from among the chief priests and the Pharisees , Judas came there with torches and lamps and weapons .
And the king crossed over to Gilgal . And Chimham crossed over with him , and all the people of Judah . And they brought the king over , and also half of the people of Israel .
And even as " Jonah was in the belly of the huge fish three days and three nights , " so shall the Son of man be in the heart of the earth three days and three nights .
Do good , O Jehovah , to the good , and to the upright in their heart .
So this shall be the sign to you from Jehovah , that Jehovah shall do this thing that He has spoken :
The just one walks in his integrity , blessed are his sons after him !

having become so much better than the angels , He has inherited a name more excellent than they .

For through the voice of Jehovah , Assyria shall be crushed , the rod with which He strikes .
And the sons of Reuben and the sons of Gad had many livestock , a very great multitude . And they saw the land of Jazer , and the land of Gilead . And , behold , the place was a place for livestock .



Then I shall remember for them the covenant of the first fathers , whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the nations , that I might be their God ; I am Jehovah .
For if you indeed do this thing , then there shall enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting on the throne of David , riding in chariots and on horses , he and his servants and his people .
Then put on as the elect of God , holy and beloved , tender feelings of compassions , kindness , humility , meekness , long-suffering ,
And these were the sons of Reuel , Esau's son : Chief Nahath , Chief Zerah , Chief Shammah , Chief Mizzah . These were the chiefs of Reuel in the land of Edom . These were the sons of Basemath , Esau's wife .

Then the Devil takes Him to the holy city , and he set Him on the wing of the temple .
Do not marvel , my brothers , if the world hates you .
But like a deaf one I do not hear ; and I am like a dumb one who does not open his mouth .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
The former governors that had been before me were too heavy on the people , and had taken bread and wine from them , besides forty shekels of silver . Yes , even their servants bore rule over the people . But I did not do this , because of the fear of God .
You shall also suck the milk of nations , and you shall suck the breast of kings . And you shall know that I , Jehovah , am your Savior and your Redeemer , the mighty One of Jacob .
And when a man strikes the eye of his male slave , or the eye of his slave-girl and destroys it , he shall send him away free for his eye .
then you shall certainly set a king over you . You may not set an alien over you , one who is not your brother .

And you say to them , So says Jehovah of hosts : Turn to Me , says Jehovah of hosts , and I will turn to you , says Jehovah of hosts .
And now if you will surely listen to My voice , and will keep My covenant , you shall become a special treasure to Me above all the nations , for all the earth is Mine .
Speak to the sons of Israel and say to them , If any one of you brings an offering to Jehovah , from livestock of the herd , or from the flock , you shall bring near your offering .

All Your works shall thank You , O Jehovah ; and Your saints shall bless You .
And it shall be , if they will carefully learn the ways of My people , to swear by My name , As Jehovah lives , as they taught My people to swear by Baal , then they will be built in the midst of My people .
You shall father sons and daughters , and they shall not be with you ; for they shall go into captivity .
For as this band holds fast to the loins of a man , so I have caused the whole house of Israel and the whole house of Judah to cling to Me , says Jehovah , to be to Me for a people , and for a name , and for praise , and for glory ; but they would not listen .
So the Lord Jehovah says this : Behold , My anger and My fury will be cured out on this place , on man and on animal , and on the trees of the field , and on the fruit of the ground . And it will burn and will not be put out .
and he returned to be healed in Jezreel , because of the wounds with which they had stricken him in Ramah , when fighting with Hazael the king of Syria . And Ahaziah the son of Jehoram the king of Judah , went down to see Jehoram the son of Ahab in Jezreel , for he was ill .
And Balaam said to the Angel of Jehovah , I have sinned , for I did not know that You stood against me in the way . Now if evil is in Your eyes , I will turn back by myself .
And the messengers returned to him . And he said to them , What is this , that you have turned back ?
And your father has cheated me and has changed my wages ten times . And God has not let him do evil to me .

And the adulterer's eye keeps watch for twilight , saying , No eye will see me ; and he puts a covering on his face .
Perversity is in his heart ; he is plotting evil at every time , he sends out strife .
for you not to be quickly shaken in the mind , nor to be disturbed , neither through a spirit , nor through speech , nor through letter , as through us , as if the Day of Christ has come .
And the king sent , and they gathered to him all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem .
I will sing to Jehovah during my life ; I will sing praise to my God while I exist .


As the Father loved Me , I also loved you ; continue in My love .
And the men keenly observed , and quickly caught it from him , and said , Your brother , Ben-hadad . And he said , Go , bring him . And Ben-hadad came out to him . And he took him up on the chariot .

But leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a fetter of iron and bronze , in the grass of the field . And let it be wet with the dew of the heavens , and his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth .
And he fixed his face ; yea , he settled it until he was ashamed . And the man of God wept .
Then I testified against them and said to them , Why are you staying around the wall ? If you do it again , I will send a hand against you . From that time they did not come on the Sabbath .
And he said to them , Then to what were you baptized ? And they said , To the baptism of John .
And you said , I shall be a mistress forever , until you did not set these things on your heart , and not did remember its end .
You shall not add to the word which I command you , nor take from it , to keep the commandments of Jehovah your God which I command you .
For every high priest is set in place to offer both gifts and sacrifices ; from which it is necessary for this One also to have something which He may offer .
So says Jehovah , your Redeemer and your Former from the womb ; I am Jehovah who makes all things ; stretching out the heavens ; I alone , spreading out the earth . Who was with Me ,
And Jehovah saved Israel in that day from the hand of Egypt . And Israel saw the Egyptians dead on the lip of the sea .
So Jehovah of hosts says this : Because you have not obeyed My words ,
And Abner came to David , to Hebron , and twenty men with him . And David made a feast for Abner and for the men with him .
For this reason , you return to your God ; keep mercy and judgment , and wait on your God continually .
Jesus answered and said , This voice has not occurred because of Me , but because of you .
And the grave cloth which was on His head was not lying with the linens , but was wrapped up in one place by itself .
Who has formed a god , or poured out an image , to no profit ?

And I was blameless before Him , and I kept myself from my iniquity .
And Moses withdrew into the camp , he and the elders of Israel .
because of this , the woman ought to have authority on the head , because of the angels .
And they ate and drank , he and the men who were with him ; and they stayed the night . And they rose up in the morning , and he said , Send me away to my master .
And Coz fathered Anub , and Zobebah , and the families of Aharhel , the son of Harum .
and Beth-nimrah , and Beth-haran , fortified cities , and folds for sheep .
And king Ahaz went to meet Tiglath-pileser the king of Assyria at Damascus . And he saw the altar that was in Damascus . And king Ahaz sent the form of the altar to Urijah the priest , and its pattern , according to all its work .
But answering , He said to them , What did Moses command you ?
And he continued still to speak to Him and said , Perhaps forty will be found there . And He said I will not do it because of the forty .
I rejoice at Your word , as one who finds great spoil .
And David sent messengers and took her . And she came to him , and he lay with her . And she purified herself from uncleanness , and she returned to her house .
And he went , he also , to Ramah , and came to the great well in Sechu . And Saul asked and said , Where are Samuel and David ? And one said , Behold , in Naioth in Ramah .
If you endure discipline , God is dealing with you as with sons ; for who is the son whom a father does not discipline ?
Jesus said to him , Rise up , Take up your cot and walk !
that I be delivered from the disobedient ones in Judea , and that my ministry , which is to Jerusalem , may be acceptable to the saints ,
And Ahithophel said to Absalom , Go in to your father's concubines , those he left to keep the house . And all Israel shall hear that you have become odious with your father . And the hands of all who are with you will be strong .

and Aaron's sons brought the blood near to him , and he dipped his finger in the blood and put it on the horns of the altar . And he poured out the blood at the base of the altar ;
The thief does not come except that he may steal , and kill , and destroy . I came that they may have life and may have it abundantly .

Only , you did not come near to the land of the sons of Ammon , any part of the Jabbok River , and the cities of the hill country , and all which Jehovah our God had forbidden us .
And Jehovah your God will clear out those nations before you by little and little . You may not consume them at once , lest the beasts of the field increase upon you .
And you shall come up after him , and let him come and sit on my throne , for he shall reign in my place . For I have appointed him ruler over Israel , and over Judah .
And Zipporah took a stone and cut off her son's foreskin , and caused it to touch his feet . And she said , You are a bridegroom of bloods to me .
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ .
And to the sons of Issachar were Tola , and Puah , and Jashub , and Shimron , four .
Rejoice with Jerusalem , and be glad with her , all who love her . Rejoice a rejoicing with her , all who mourn for her ;

then they shall bring out the girl to the door of her father's house . And the men of her city shall stone her with stones , and she shall die ; for she has done folly in Israel , to commit fornication in her father's house . And you shall put away the evil from among you .
And , behold , one of those with Jesus , stretching out the hand , drew his sword and struck the slave of the high priest and took off his ear .
Offer thanksgiving to God ; and pay your vows to the Most High .
Bless our God , O peoples , and make heard the voice of His praise ;
And on the fifth day nine bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs , sons of a year , perfect ones ;
And has He not made you one ? Yet the vestige of the Spirit is in him . And what of the one ? He was seeking a seed of God . Then guard your spirit , and do not deal treacherously with the wife of your youth .
O Jehovah , do not I hate those hating You ? And am I not detesting those rising against You ?
Lift up your heads , O gates ; even lift up , O everlasting doors ; and the King of glory shall come in .
And He brought streams out of the rock , and caused waters to run down like torrents .
His strength shall be hunger-bitten , and calamity shall be ready at his side .

And those seeing also related to them how the demon-possessed one was healed .
And if a man lies with a menstruous woman , and has uncovered her nakedness , he has made her fountain bare ; and she has uncovered the fountain of her blood ; even both of them shall be cut off from the midst of their people .
I have come into My garden , My sister , My spouse ; I have gathered My myrrh with My spice . I have eaten My honeycomb with My honey ; I have drunk My wine with My milk . Eat and drink , O friends ; yea , drink fully , beloved ones .
and the priests slaughtered them , and made a sin offering with their blood on the altar , to atone for all Israel ; for the king said , The burnt offering and the sin offering are for all Israel .
Give to Jehovah the glory of His name ; worship ; Jehovah in the majesty of holiness .
And your infants , of whom you said , They are a prey , and your sons who today have no knowledge of good or evil , they shall go in there , and I will give it to them , and they shall possess it .
And it is yet my comfort ; and I would exult in pain not spared ; for I have not hidden the words of the Holy One .
and you take from their daughters for your sons . and their daughters fornicate with their gods , and they lead your sons to fornicate with their gods .
since you have been sent by the king , and by his seven counselors to ask about Judah and Jerusalem , according to the law of your God in your hand ;
But that He went up , what is it except that He also first came down into the lower parts of the earth ?
yea , I paid attention to you , and behold , not one of you proved wrong , nor answered his sayings ;
And you shall give the possession of the city , five thousand cubits wide and twenty five thousand long , beside the heave offering of the holy lot . It shall be for the whole house of Israel .
a land which Jehovah your God cares for ; the eyes of Jehovah your God are constantly on it from the beginning of the year to the end of the year .
And the sons of Israel camped in Gilgal , and prepared the Passover on the fourteenth day of the month , at evening , in the plains of Jericho .
Harvest has passed ; the summer has ended , and we are not delivered .

Shout against her all around . She has given her hand , her foundations have fallen , her walls have been thrown down , for it is Jehovah's vengeance . Take vengeance on her . As she has done , do to her .
And , behold , with you is Shimei the son of Gera , the Benjamite of Bahurim . And he cursed me with a grievous cursing in the day I went to Mahanaim . And he came down to meet me at the Jordan , and I swore to him by Jehovah , saying , I shall not put you to death by the sword .
And Moses said to Korah , You and all your company , you be there before Jehovah , you and they , and Aaron tomorrow .
On God is my salvation and my glory ; my strong rock , my refuge is in God .
And when they entered into the nations , there where they went , they even profaned My holy name , by saying to them , These are the people of Jehovah , and they are gone out of His land .
Nations , come near to hear ; and peoples , listen ! Let the earth hear , and its fullness , the world and all its offspring .
His troops come together and they heap up their way against me ; and they camp around my tent .
And king Ahasuerus laid a tax on the land and on the isles of the sea .
And the king of Israel answered and said , According to your word , my lord , O king , I am yours , and all that I have .
But that the dead are raised , even Moses pointed out at the Bush , when he calls the Lord " the God of Abraham , and the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob . "
And also he rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar , who had made him swear by God ; and he stiffened his neck and hardened his heart from turning to Jehovah the God of Israel .
Tell your sons about it , and your sons to their sons , and their sons to another generation .

Even David himself said in the Book of Psalms , " The Lord said to my Lord , Sit at My right hand
And taking hold of him , they led him to the Areopagus , saying , Are we able to know what is this new doctrine being spoken by you ?
And they did so , and Aaron stretched out his hand with his staff and struck the dust of the earth . And the lice were on man and on beast . All the dust of the earth became lice in the land of Egypt .
All their wickedness is in Gilgal , for there I hated them . I will drive them out of My house for the wickedness of their doings , I will not love them again ; all their rulers are revolters .
Woe to the wicked ! For the evil , the doing of his hand will be done to him .
And it becoming evening already , since it was the preparation , that is , the day before sabbath ,
The men of Netophah , fifty six .

And while they were doing service to the Lord and fasting , the Holy Spirit said , So then separate both Barnabas and Saul to Me , for the work to which I have called them .
And Esau dwelt on Mount Seir . Esau is Edom .
And you shall eat fully and be satisfied ; and you shall praise the name of Jehovah your God , who has dealt wondrously with you . And My people shall not be ashamed forever .

And those around Him seeing that about to occur , they said to Him , Lord , shall we strike with the sword ?
it will be when he sees that the youth is not , he will die . And your servants will bring down the gray hair of your servant our father to the grave in sorrow .
" Heaven is My throne , and the earth a footstool of My feet ; what house will you build Me , " " says the Lord , " " or what the place of My rest ? "
And now what do I await , Lord ? My hope is in You .

the One comforting us on all our affliction , for us to be able to comfort those in every affliction , through the comfort by which we ourselves are comforted by God .
But now you seek to kill Me , a man who has spoken the truth to you , which I heard alongside of God . Abraham did not do this .
and giving thanks , He broke and said , Take , eat ; this is My body which is broken on behalf of you ; this do in remembrance of Me .
until I come ; and I will take you to a land like your own land , a land of grain and new wine , a land of bread and vineyards , a land of olive oil , and honey ; and live , and do not die ; and do not listen to Hezekiah , when he persuades you , saying , Jehovah shall deliver us .
And , brothers , I was not able to speak to you as to spiritual ones , but as to fleshly ones , as to babes in Christ .
And all the work of the tabernacle of the congregation was finished , And the sons of Israel did according to all which Jehovah commanded Moses ; so they did .
And Nathanael said to him , Can any good thing be out of Nazareth ? Philip said to him , Come and see .
If he is able to fight with me and strike me , then we shall become slaves to you . But if I am able to win over him , and to strike him , then you shall become slaves to us and shall serve us .


A reproof enters more into a wise man than a hundred stripes into a fool .
And when you see Jerusalem being encircled by armies , then recognize that its destruction has come near .
I have also sent to you all My servants the prophets , rising up early and sending , saying , Each man now return from his evil way , and amend your doings , and do not go after other gods to serve them , and you shall live in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers . But you have not bowed your ear , nor listened to Me .
But immediately Jesus spoke to them , saying , Be comforted ! I AM ! Do not fear .
And if anyone says to you , Why do you do this ? say , The Lord has need of it . And he will at once send it here .
He put before them another parable , saying : The kingdom of Heaven is compared to a man sowing good seed in his fields .
and the riches , and the honor come from before You , and You rule over all ; and in Your hand is power and might ; and it is in Your hand to make great , and to give strength to all .
And Israel said to Joseph , I did not think to see your face , and , behold , God also causes me to see your seed .
And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made horns of iron for himself , and said , So says Jehovah , With these you shall push Syria until they are crushed .

his going forth from the end of the heavens , and his orbit to their ends ; and nothing is hidden from his heat .
Ammiel the sixth , Issachar the seventh , Peulthai the eighth ( for God blessed him ) .
And Abdon the son of Hillel , the Pirathonite , died , and was buried in Pirathon , in the land of Ephraim , in the hills of the Amalekites .
if you were pure and upright , surely now He would rise for you , and make whole the abode of your righteousness .
In the wilderness , Beth-arabah , Middin , and Secacah ,
saying , What do you think about the Christ ? Whose son is He ? They say to Him , David's .
And David came to the two hundred men who were too exhausted to go after David , and whom they caused to remain at the torrent Besor . And they went out to meet David , and to meet the people with him . And David came up to the people , and asked them of their peace .
And Jehovah the God of Israel gave Sihon and all his people into the hand of Israel , and they struck them . And Israel took possession of all the land of the Amorites , the inhabitants of that land .
They have cut down her forest , says Jehovah , though it cannot be searched , because they are more than the locusts , and there is no number to them .

from a son of thirty years and upward , even until fifty years old , all that enter upon the service , to do work in the tabernacle of the congregation .
And Moses wrote this song on that day , and taught it to the sons of Israel .
Much more then , being justified now by His blood , we shall be saved from wrath through Him .

But the word of the king prevailed against Joab , and against the army commanders . And Joab and the army commanders went out from the presence of the king to number the people of Israel .
And any man's dedicated things shall become his , that which any man gives to the priest becomes his .
And it happened during these many days that the king of Egypt died , and the sons of Israel groaned from the slavery . And they cried , and their cry went up to God from the slavery .
Behold , Hanameel the son of Shallum , your uncle , shall come to you , saying , Buy my field in Anathoth for yourself , for the right to redeem is yours , to buy it .
And the sons went in and possessed the land , and You humbled the people of the land before them , the Canaanites . And You gave them into their hands , with their kings and the people of the land to do with them as they desired .
The fear of Jehovah is the beginning of wisdom ; and the knowledge of the Holy Ones is understanding .
And Moses said to Aaron , and to Eleazar , and to Ithamar , his sons , You shall not uncover your heads and you shall not tear your garments , that you may not die , and He be angry on all the congregation . As to your brothers , the whole house of Israel , they shall mourn the burning which Jehovah has kindled .
If you see the oppression of the poor , or the removing of justice and righteousness in the province , do not be amazed at the purpose . For a high one over a high one is watching ; and high ones are over them .
And he went through the wilderness , and went around the land of Edom , and the land of Moab , and came in at the rising of the sun to the land of Moab . And they camped beyond Arnon , and did not come into the border of Moab , for Arnon was the border of Moab .
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth ;
And behold ! A voice out of the heaven saying , This is My Son , the Beloved , in whom I have found delight .

also of the ten horns that were on its head , and the other which came up , and before whom three fell , even that horn that had eyes , and a mouth speaking great things , and its look was greater than his fellows .
And Jehovah said to Moses , Get up early in the morning and stand before Pharaoh , and say to him , So says Jehovah the God of the Hebrews , Send away My people that they may serve Me .
And he caused the ark to go in into the tabernacle . And he placed the veil of the covering , and he covered over the ark of testimony , as Jehovah commanded Moses .

And their father said to them , Where is this man , what way did he go ? And his sons saw the way that the man of God from Judah had gone .
You shall tread on the lion and adder ; the young lion and the serpent You shall trample under foot .

And there shall be no survivor of them , for I will bring evil on the men of Anathoth , even the year of their punishment .
To the chief musician , To die for the Son . A Psalm of David . I will give thanks , O Jehovah , with all my heart ; I will tell of all Your wonderful acts ;
And Pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunder had ceased , and he continued to sin . And he hardened his heart , he and his servants .

Who would not fear You , O King of nations ? For it is fitting to You , because there is none like You among all the wise of the nations , and in all their kingdoms .
You shall not make idols to yourselves ; and you shall not set up for yourselves graven images , or a memorial pillar . And you shall not place any stone image in your land , to bow yourselves to it ; for I am Jehovah your God .
from Mount Halak , that goes up to Seir , even to Baal-gad in the Valley of Lebanon , below Mount Hermon . And he took all their kings , and struck them , and killed them .
And his allowance , a continual allowance , was given to him from the king , a daily rate for every day , all the days of his life .
to deliver their soul from death , and to keep them alive in famine .
And now , O Lord our God , who brought Your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand and made for Yourself a name , as it is this day ; we have sinned ; we have done evilly .
But they said to her , You are raving . But she insisted , holding it to be so . And they said , It is his angel .
The word that was to concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah , king of Judah . It was the first year of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon .
They were your merchants in perfect things , in violet cloth and embroidered work , and in carpets of many colors , with tightly bound cords , and cedars among your merchandise .
And the tribute to Jehovah of the sheep was six hundred and seventy five ,

And the word of Jehovah was to me , saying ,
Much every way . For first , indeed , that they were entrusted with the oracles of God .

Do not let anyone deceive you in any way , because that Day will not come unless first comes the falling away , and the man of sin is revealed , the son of perdition ,
because it is a test . And what if even the despising rod shall not be ? declares the Lord Jehovah .
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood , by these judgments .
until I search out a place for Jehovah , dwellings for the Mighty One of Jacob .
On the eleventh day Pagiel the son of Ocran , ruler of the sons of Asher offered ;

And Mordecai wrote these things , and sent letters to all the Jews in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus , near and far ,
And the angel thrust his sickle into the earth and gathered the vine of the earth , and threw into the winepress of the great anger of God .
And gourds were below its brim all around , going around it , ten by the cubit , circling the sea all around ; the gourds were cast in two rows when it was cast .
Give glory to Jehovah your God before He brings darkness , and before your feet stumble on the dark mountains . Yea , while you look for light , He puts it into death shade , setting up deep gloom .
In Damascus , the governor of Aretas the king guarded the city of the Damascenes , desiring to seize me .
And if there is any blemish in it , lameness , or blindness , or any evil blemish whatever , you shall not sacrifice it to Jehovah your God .
As he binding a stone on a sling , so he giving honor to a fool .
And king Rehoboam consulted with the aged men who had stood before his father Solomon when he was alive , saying , How do you advise to answer this people a word ?
And Eleazar the priest took the bronze fire-pans , which they who were burned had brought near , and they spread them out , a covering for the altar ,
The chariots of God are myriads , thousands of changes , the Lord is among them , in Sinai , in the holy place .
And these are they whom David set over the service of song in the house of Jehovah , after the ark had rested .
You have enjoined Your testimonies as righteous and very faithful .
And the heads of the fathers of the Levites came near to Eleazar the priest , and to the son of Nun , and to the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the sons of Israel .
These are the sons of Abihail , the son of Huri , the son of Jaroah , the son of Gilead , the son of Michael , the son of Jeshishai , the son of Jahdo , the son of Buz ;
Both the evil and the good do not go out from the mouth of the Most High .
And Jehovah spoke to Moses , saying ,
Do not take away my soul with sinners , nor my life with bloody men ,
Take this book of the law , and you shall put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of Jehovah your God , so that it may be there for a witness against you .
and has not oppressed a man ( he returns his pledge to the debtor and has not robbed by robbery ) , has given his bread to the hungry , and he has covered the naked with clothing .
He " will give to each according to his works : "
But let not fornication , and all uncleanness , or greediness , be named among you , as is fitting for saints ;
Then Jesus said to them , Truly , truly , I say to you , Moses has not given you the bread out of Heaven , but My Father gives you the true bread out of Heaven .

And the sons of Reuben the first-born of Israel ( for he was the first-born ; but since he defiled his father's bed , his birthright was given to the sons of Joseph , the son of Israel ; and the genealogy is not to be counted according to the birthright ;
And Ishmael , the son of Nethaniah , went out from Mizpah to meet them , walking as he walked and weeping . And it happened , as he met them , he said to them , Come to Gedaliah , the son of Ahikam .
Then do not let your good be spoken evil of .
He sent a man before them , Joseph , being sold for a slave ;
Greet Prisca and Aquila and the house of Onesiphorus .
Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his nobles . And he drank wine before the thousand .

the fifth , sardonyx ; the sixth , sardius ; the seventh , chrysolite ; the eighth , beryl ; the ninth , topaz ; the tenth , chrysoprasus ; the eleventh , hyacinth ; the twelfth , amethyst .
And rose up and went to Nineveh according to the word of Jehovah . And Nineveh was a great city to God , of three days' journey .
I have more wisdom than all my teachers ; for Your testimonies are a meditation to me .
So says Jehovah of Hosts , the God of Israel , saying , Because you have sent letters in your name to all the people in Jerusalem , and to Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest , and to all the priests , saying ,
And answering , He said to them , Indeed , Elijah coming first restores all things . And how it has been written of the Son of man that He suffer many things and be despised !
Do not handle , do not taste , do not touch ,
They were seized , but there was not time ; their foundation was poured out by a flood ;
Oh shining star , son of the morning , how you have fallen from the heavens ! You weakening the nations , you are cut down to the ground .
of Judah , Nahshon the son of Amminadab ;
And Joseph said to the people , Behold , I have bought you and your land today . Behold ! Here is seed for you ; and you sow the land .
If anyone comes to you and does not bear this doctrine , do not receive him into the house , and do not speak a greeting to him .
A sound of a cry from Babylon , and great ruin from the land of Chaldeans !
And receive the one who is weak in the faith , not to judgments of your thoughts .

And it happened at the seventh time the priests blew with the rams' horns . And said to the people , Shout ! For Jehovah has given you the city .
And now , let your hands be made strong , and be valiant ; for your lord Saul is dead . And also , the house of Judah has anointed me as king over them .
And they each one threw down his staff , and they became snakes . But Aaron's staff swallowed their staffs .
And you shall take his sons and clothe them with tunics .
And you crossed over the Jordan and came to Jericho . And the masters of Jericho fought against you , the Amorite and the Perizzite , and the Canaanite , and the Hittite , and the Girgashite , the Hivite , and the Jebusite ; and I gave them into your hand .
I write these things to you , hoping to come to you shortly .
And also a mixed multitude went up with them , and flocks , and herds , very many livestock .
For they have brought their heart near , like an oven , while they lie in wait . Their baker sleeps all night ; in the morning , it burns like a flaming fire .
And Jehovah said , If I find fifty righteous within the city , in Sodom , then I will spare all the place because of them .
And their children shall be dashed in pieces before their eyes ; their houses shall be robbed , and their wives raped .
and for the sacrifice of the peace offering , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five yearling he lambs . This was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan .
For , brothers , you became imitators of the churches of God being in Judea in Christ Jesus , because you also suffered these things by your own fellow countrymen , as they also by the Jews ,
Then Nebu-zaradan , the chief of the executioners , exiled some of the poor of the people , and the rest of the people who remained in the city , and those who fell away , who fell to the king of Babylon , and the rest of the multitude .
No man shall be able to stand before you all the days of your life . As I was with Moses , so I will be with you . I will not fail you nor will I forsake you .
So may God do to the enemies of David , and may He do more so , if I leave any of all that is to him to the light of the morning , of one who urinates against a wall .
And Dan and Javan going about gave for your wares ; smooth iron , cassia , and cane were among your goods .
then I also will walk contrary to you in fury . I also will chastise you , I also , seven times for your sins .
You shall not do according to the doings of the land of Egypt in which you lived ; and you shall not do according to the doings of the land of Canaan to which I am bringing you ; nor shall you walk in their statutes .
also said to all the people , and to all the women , Hear the word of Jehovah , all Judah in the land of Egypt .
And the sons of Uzzi : Izrahiah , the sons of Izrahiah : Michael , and Obadiah , and Joel , Ishiah ; all five of them chiefs .
Sing to Jehovah , for He has done majestically ; this is known in all the earth .

in everything you being enriched to all generosity , which works out thanksgiving to God through us .

This One is the Stone counted worthless by you the builders , which has become to be the Head of the Corner ;
And he spread out the tent over the tabernacle . And he put the cover of the tent over it from above , as Jehovah commanded Moses .
And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said to the sons of Reuben , and to the sons of Gad , and to the sons of Manasseh , Today we have known that Jehovah is among us , because you have not betrayed this treachery against Jehovah . Now you have delivered the sons of Israel out of the hand of Jehovah .
And they sent a message to Joseph , saying ,
Wisdom cries aloud outside ; she gives her voice in the square ;
and you be like men awaiting their Lord when he returns from the feasts , so that he coming and knocking , they will at once open to him .
Then six days before the Passover , Jesus came to Bethany , where Lazarus was , who had died , whom He raised from the dead .
All of them wait for You to give them their food in due season .
And when he was humbled , the wrath of Jehovah turned away from him , so as not to destroy him completely . And also good things were found in Judah .
You shall not eat with the blood ; you shall not divine , nor conjure spirits .
How then will you turn away the face of one commander of the least of my master's servants , and put your trust in Egypt for chariotry and horsemen ?
No , my lord , hear me . I have given the field to you ; also the cave that is in it . I have given it to you . Before the eyes of the sons of my people I have given it to you . Bury your dead .

O Jehovah , You know . Remember me and visit me , and take vengeance for me on those who seek to hurt me . Do not take me away in Your long-suffering ; know that I bear reproach for You .

And He said , I will cause all My goodness to pass before your face . And I will call out the name of Jehovah before your face . And I will be gracious to whom I will be gracious , and I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy .
There was no looking of the warden of the prison house to anything in his hand , in that Jehovah was with him , and Jehovah was prospering what he was doing .
For this is the love of God , that we keep His commandments ; and His commandments are not heavy .
To the sons of Gershom : out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh , Golan in Bashan and its open lands ; and Ashtaroth and its open lands .
And going out about the third hour , he saw others standing idle in the market .
And the seven lean ears were swallowing the seven fat and full ears . And Pharaoh awakened ; and , lo , it was a dream .
Only , you may not eat these , of those bringing up the cud , and of those dividing the hoof : the camel , though it brings up the cud , yet it does not divide the hoof ; it is unclean to you ;
that in my coming again , my God may not humble me with you , and I shall mourn many of those previously sinning and not repenting over the uncleanness and fornication and lustfulness which they have practiced .
He shall return by the same way that he came in , and he shall not come into this city , says Jehovah .
And he sent Eliakim , who was over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and the elders of the priests , covered with sackcloth , to the prophet , the son of Amoz .
But My people have forgotten Me . They have burned incense to vain idols ; and they have caused them to stumble in their ways , from the old paths , to walk in bypaths , not on the highway ;
And they girded sackcloth on their loins , and ropes on their heads . And they came in to the king of Israel and said , Your servant Ben-hadad has said , Please let me live . And he said , Is he yet alive ? He is my brother .
Paul , a slave of Jesus Christ , a called apostle , separated to the gospel of God ,
and the two kidneys , and the fat on them , on the loins , and the fatty fold by the liver beside the kidneys ; he shall remove .

and they shall be life to your soul , and grace to your neck ;
And his sister said to Pharaoh's daughter , Shall I go and call a woman for you , a nurse of the Hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
But ten men were found among them who said to Ishmael , Do not kill us , for we have treasures in the field , of wheat , and barley , and oil , and honey . So he held back , not killing them with their brothers .
yet because this widow causes me trouble , I will avenge her , that not coming to the end , she subdue me .
Of the servants of Pharaoh , the one who feared the word of Jehovah made his slaves and his livestock flee to the houses .
And behold , coming up , a leper worshiped Him , saying , Lord , If You will , You are able to cleanse me .
And as it is reserved to men once to die , and after this Judgment ;
And Jehovah said to Satan , From where have you come ? And Satan answered Jehovah and said , From going to and fro in the earth , and from walking up and down in it .
And the men were good to us , and have not shamed us , and we have not missed anything all the days we have gone up and down with them when we were in the field .
of the sons of Asaph : Zaccur , and Joseph , and Nethaniah , and Asarelah , the sons of Asaph at the hands of Asaph , who prophesied at the hands of the king .
These are those numbered of the sons of Israel by their fathers' houses ; all numbered of the camps according to their armies were six hundred and three thousand , five hundred and fifty .
And Moses took of the anointing oil , and of the blood on the altar , and sprinkled on Aaron , on his garments , and on his sons , and on his sons' garments with him . And he sanctified Aaron , his garments , and his sons , and the garments of his sons with him .
And while they were still talking with him , the king's eunuchs arrived , and they hurried to bring Haman to the banquet which had prepared .
And every first-born in the land of Egypt shall die , from the first-born of Pharaoh , the one sitting on his throne , to the first-born of the slave-girl who is behind the mill ; and every first born of animals .

Then you shall again see the difference between the righteous and the wicked , between him who serves God and him who does not serve Him .
Amon was a son of twenty two years when he began to reign , and he reigned two years in Jerusalem .
He also sent out from him the dove , to see if the waters had gone down from off the face of the earth .
And the one who had died came out , the feet and the hands having been bound with sheets , and his face being bound with a cloth . Jesus said to them , Loosen him and let him go .
And at once many were gathered , so as none any longer had room , not even to the door . And He spoke the Word to them .
How are you able to believe , you who receive glory from one another , and the glory which is from the only God you do not seek ?
The Son of man will send forth His angels , and they will gather out of His kingdom all the offenses , and those who practice lawlessness .
also a letter to Asaph the keeper of the king's forest , so that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which is for the house , and for the city wall , and for the house into which I shall enter . And the king granted it to me , according to the good hand of my God on me .
All the congregation together was forty thousand , three hundred and sixty .
And whoever shall compel you to go one mile , go two with him .
But going , learn what this is , " I desire mercy and not sacrifice . " For I did not come to call righteous ones , but sinners to repentance .
For your servant has vowed a vow when I lived in Geshur in Syria , saying , If Jehovah shall surely bring me back to Jerusalem , then I shall serve Jehovah .
And David said to the youth who was telling him , How do you know that Saul and his son Jonathan are dead ?
And a decree is given by me , that every people , nation , and language who speak anything amiss about the God of Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , he will be made into mere members and his house shall be made an outhouse . Because there is no other God who is able to deliver like this .
and has rescued us from our enemies ; for His mercy endures forever ;
Will You restrain Yourself over these things , Jehovah ? Will you be silent and sorely afflict us ?
And you shall make fifty hooks of gold . And you shall join the curtains , each to her sister , by the hooks . And it shall become one tabernacle .
And you shall anoint the laver and its base , and you shall sanctity it .

And now our God , the great , the mighty and the fearful God , keeping the covenant and the mercy , let it not seem little before You , all the trouble which has found us , to our kings , to our rulers , and to our priests , and to our prophets , and to our fathers , and to all Your people , since the time of the kings of Assyria to this day .
And every spirit which does not confess that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is not from God ; and this is the antichrist which you heard is coming , and now is already in the world .
And he did evil in the eyes of Jehovah , and walked in the way of his father , and in the way of his mother , and in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin .
Her leaders judge for a bribe , and her priests teach for pay , and her prophets divine for silver ; yet they will lean on Jehovah , saying , is not Jehovah among us ? No evil shall come on us !

And the king said to Haman , The silver is given to you , also the people , to do with them as seems good to you .
to take the share of this ministry and apostleship , from which Judas fell , to go to his own place .
And He said to him , Take for Me a heifer three years old , and a she-goat three years old , and a ram three years old , and a turtledove , even a nestling .
And he again sent a third . But they also threw this one out , wounding him .
And coming up , one of the scribes , hearing them arguing , knowing that He answered them well , he questioned Him , What is the first commandment of all ?
